

“You	need	to	do	whatever	it	takes	to	get	these	guys,”	he	declared.	“Whatever

it	takes!	For	Johnson.”

TRINA	WALKED	INTO	THE	LAB	A	FEW	HOURS	LATER	WITH	A	FORENSIC	EXPERT	WHO

was	 trying	 to	 determine	 all	 the	 elements	 which	 played	 a	 factor	 in	 the	 recent events.	 She	 could	 see	 overturned	 tables,	 pieces	 of	 equipment	 that	 were	 blown apart,	and	some	stains	of	blood	where	Dr.	Johnson	had	been	found.	Fortunately,

the	 invasion	 happened	 a	 few	 hours	 after	 Trichem	 Labs	 officially	 closed	 for	 the day	and	most	of	the	staff	had	already	left	for	the	evening.

“We’re	 conducting	 an	 autopsy	 on	 the	 body	 of	 Dr.	 Johnson	 in	 order	 to

determine	 if	 he	 was	 killed	 before	 the	 explosion,	 or	 if	 that	 was	 the	 cause	 of

death,”	the	forensic	expert	stated	matter-of-factly.

“Why	 did	 you	 have	 to	 be	 so	 committed	 to	 your	 work?”	 Trina	 whispered	 to herself	as	she	stooped	down	and	examined	the	floor	where	they	found	Johnson’s

body.

“What	was	that?”
CHAPTER ONE



A body



In January, they found the girl's body.

They found it in Pine Crest. Pine Crest is a small town about 90 miles from Denver, in the Rocky Mountains. In the past, it was famous for silver and gold. But now it's a place where people go on vacation; they ski there in the winter and walk in the mountains in the summer. Movie stars have homes there. It's beautiful and it's quiet when the snow falls. And the snow falls a lot in the winter. Pine Crest isn't usually the kind of place you find a dead body. Denver's the place for that, not Pine Crest.

Oh, of course sometimes there are skiing accidents, like in all ski resorts. I remember that a young man died about three years ago. He was skiing too fast and he went into a tree. It's sad, but it happens. But murder - killing someone - well, that's different.

So that January morning my boss, Leo Cohn, Chief of the Denver Police, called me into his office.

'Girl's body in Pine Crest, Flick,' said Leo. Leo was thin and worked too much. He never sat down. Now, he was standing near his desk. 'They found her yesterday.'

'Oh?' I said.

'It looks like someone killed her,' he said. I didn't say anything. 'Murder,' he said, as if I didn't understand. I waited. He didn't look at me. Then he said, 'I want you to go to Pine Crest.'

'Ha!' I said. 'So that's what you want. But Leo, why me? It's too soon. It was just two months ago... I can't!'

'Flick, you're the best,' he said, 'and you need to get out of Denver... it's the best thing.'

'Listen, Leo...' I started, but I stopped. Leo looked me in the eyes.

'Come on, Flick. Bill Gershon, the Chief of Police there, is an old friend of mine. He's not happy. If it's murder, it's bad for business. No-one wants to ski when there's a killer about.'

Well, yeah, I thought, as I looked out of Leo's window at the city, a dead body was bad for business. I knew Pine Crest. I used to go skiing there on the weekends. The town made its money from the thousands of visitors who went there every year. The restaurants, cafes, hotels, ski school, all made money from the people who went to beautiful Pine Crest for their vacation.

'And the girl?' I asked. 'Was she a visitor?'

Leo smiled. He could see that I was interested. 'Yes,' he said. 'She was there on a skiing vacation with some friends from college. Someone found her in the swimming pool at the hotel where she was staying.'

'She died in the swimming pool?' I asked. 'I mean...'

'Looks like somebody drowned her,' Leo said.

I looked at him.

'She was twenty-three years old,' Leo said softly.

'And?' I asked.

'You'll get what you need from Gershon,' said Leo.

I got up to leave.

'Oh, and Flick...' said Leo. I turned at the door.

'I want you to get this one and I want you to get it fast,' he said. 'First because it'll make the Denver Police Department look good. And we need that.'

'And second because you think it's good for me to get out of the office and back to work?' I said.

Leo didn't say anything, but it was true. He was helping me in his way.

'OK, Leo,' I said, 'but remember, it was just November, just two months ago... that Scott...'

'Yeah, yeah, I know. But Flick, Scott's dead,' said Leo. His voice was kind, but strong. 'And you've got to live.' He turned away from me and looked out of the window. Leo was finished.

I walked to my office to get the things I needed for a few days out of town: my notebook, cell phone and car keys. I thought about November, thought about Scott. Detective Scott King of the Denver Police. Then I took my gun and put it under my jacket.

I went downstairs to the parking lot. Scott and I worked together for four years. We were the best, the best the Denver Police Department had. We loved catching killers, robbers, all of Denver's criminals. But we were more than that, we were friends too. Scott was my best friend. Then one stupid, cold day in November, Eddie Lang killed Scott. And I saw my best friend die.

'Yeah,' I thought, 'Scott's dead and I've got to live.' Most days it was difficult.

I shook my head and Scott's face went away. I took my keys out of the pocket of my jacket and looked at the most beautiful car in the world, my red 1957 Chevrolet. My Chevy. I smiled. That car always made me smile. Some days it felt like it was the only good thing in my life.

I drove home fast to my apartment on Alameda, went in and packed a bag. I changed into my blue suit and looked at myself in the mirror in the bathroom. I looked OK. I looked like I came from the big city. I felt my gun inside my jacket. I was ready. Ready to find a killer... without Scott.

Fifteen minutes later, I was driving on I70 to Pine Crest, Colorado. I was trying to forget about Scott. And I was trying to forget about Eddie Lang.





CHAPTER TWO



Pine Crest



Scott King. Yeah, it was hard to forget. As I drove up into the Rocky Mountains pictures came into my head. The first time we worked together, his smile, the things he said.

'Stop it, Flick!' I said to myself. I turned on the car radio. It was an old country song.

Then the news came on. 'Good morning, listeners,' said the voice. 'It's ten o'clock and here's the news. Police found a young woman's body in a swimming pool at the Mountain Hotel in Pine Crest yesterday. The twenty-three-year-old was a visitor from Texas, in the town on a skiing vacation. Police believe it was murder.'

I turned the radio off. Scott came back to me. I thought about the first time we worked together.

'Flick?' said Scott. 'That's a funny name.' We were in a police car in downtown Denver.

'Well, my real name's Felicity,' I said. 'My dad liked it. There was an English movie star called Felicity. At school everyone thought it was very funny, so I became Flick.'

'Flick Laine,' he said.

'Yeah, good, don't you think?' I said.

'Yeah, Scott and Flick,' he laughed. 'Denver's crime fighters!'

'Hey, don't you mean Flick and Scott?' I laughed.

Scott and Flick, Flick and Scott.

Now I looked at the road. I tried to think about the drive. The road was at 7,000 feet already. But it was a beautiful day in the Rockies. Really beautiful. The sky was clear blue and you could see for miles.

But I couldn't stop thinking about Scott. I thought about the day he died, in November, just two months ago. The day we went looking for Eddie Lang, one of Denver's worst criminals. He killed people for money. But we were on to him. We knew where he was.

We were in an old, dark house. We knew that Eddie Lang and his men were there.

'Don't worry, Scott, I'm behind you,' I said quietly.

I could see Scott in front of me. It was dark, but I could just see him. Suddenly I heard a loud noise. A gun. Then Scott was down on the dirty floor. His blood was everywhere.

I ran outside quickly and called the police station. A few minutes later, more police officers arrived. But Scott was dead. Scott was dead and Eddie Lang and his men were gone. They were gone, but I thought about Scott every day.

I went on driving. An hour later, I drove into the parking lot of Pine Crest police station.

Something told me that Bill Gershon, Chief of Pine Crest Police, wasn't happy to see me. 'So,' he said, as I walked into his office, 'Leo sent me a woman...'

'Yeah, aren't you lucky?' I said, smiling. Gershon didn't smile. I sat down. There were still men in the police who thought that women police officers and murder didn't go together. It looked like Gershon was one of those men.

'We don't often have murders in Pine Crest,' he said.

I looked at Gershon. He was a round person: round body, round face, round glasses. About fifty, fifty-five maybe, with almost no hair. Then I looked around at his office. Yeah, I thought, parking tickets, not murder.

'Listen,' I said. 'Why don't we make this easy? Just tell me what I need to know.'

The Chief of Police said nothing for a moment or two, and then went on. 'Janine Anderson was her name. A student from Austin, Texas. She wanted to write for a newspaper - to be a journalist. This is about her.' He pushed some papers towards me.

I looked at the papers. There wasn't much. Her name, her parents' names. A student of journalism at the University of Texas, Austin. Cause of death: drowning.

'Her parents were in Europe on vacation.' Gershon shook his head sadly and said: 'They're coming back today. Coffee?'

It wasn't much, but it was a start.

'Who found her?' I asked, drinking the hot black coffee.

'Her friend, Teresa Douglas,' said Gershon. 'They were staying at the Mountain Hotel.'

The Mountain Hotel was in Pine Crest. A lot of skiers stayed there.

'They skied all day,' Gershon went on. 'Janine went to the swimming pool at about nine o'clock. The pool is on the top floor of the hotel. She had to go upstairs and go outside. At eleven o'clock, the Douglas girl went up to look for Janine. She found her in the swimming pool.'

'Dead?' I asked.

'Yes,' said Gershon. 'Teresa Douglas tried mouth-to-mouth. Then we had a 9-1-1 call at about eleven-fifteen. We were there five minutes later. Janine was dead.'

'Did Janine have other friends here?' I asked.

'Yes. Apart from the Douglas girl, there's a guy - Jeff Mason,' said the Chief of Police. 'They're students in Austin.'

'Anything on the body?' I asked. I wanted to know if there was a fight before Janine died.

'On the back of her neck,' said Gershon. 'It looks like maybe somebody just put her head under the water and drowned her.'

'Well, we don't know that yet,' I said.

'This is terrible!' said Gershon. 'Governor Johnson is visiting Pine Crest soon. A murder is the last thing we need!'

Clark Johnson was the Governor of Colorado and everyone said he was the next President of the United States. He lived near Pine Crest.

I looked at Gershon. He wasn't thinking about the dead girl. He was thinking about the bad news, I thought.

I finished my coffee and stood up. 'OK, I'm going,' I said. 'Here's my cell phone number.' I wrote down my number and gave it to Gershon. 'I'm staying at the Pine Lodge Hotel.'

Gershon came to the door with me. He still didn't smile.

'Listen,' I said. 'Maybe you don't like it, but we have to work together. If this is murder, we have to find this killer before he, or she, kills again.' I looked at Gershon and walked away.

Great, I thought, just what I need - a Chief of Police who doesn't want to work with me. I went back to my car, took out my winter coat and put it on. It was cold here, much colder than Denver. We were at 9,000 feet. But it was a beautiful, clear day and there was a smell of wood smoke in the air. I walked down the road to the Mountain Hotel.



I looked at the town. It was a pretty place. Behind the small houses were the big houses of the famous people who lived in Pine Crest. Lots of movie stars and famous sports people had homes there. Sometimes you saw them on the ski runs, in the stores or in the more expensive restaurants in the town. I looked up to the snow-covered mountains. I could see ski runs everywhere, but there were only a few people moving down the mountain. It was a beautiful day for skiing, cold and clear. But no one wanted to ski. They thought that there was a killer free in the town.





CHAPTER THREE



The Mountain Hotel



Then I saw the Mountain Hotel. I walked into the hotel and looked over to the bar. There was a fire; it was warm and comfortable. It looked nice, I thought.

Janine Anderson's friends, Teresa Douglas and Jeff Mason, were in Room 203. They were about twenty-two, twenty-three years old. They looked young, lost.

'It's terrible,' said Teresa. Her face was wet. She cried softly. Jeff sat down next to her on the bed and put his hand on her shoulder.

I looked around at the room. It was Jeff's room. From the window, you could see a very high mountain, the one they called Snowpeak. There were clothes everywhere, ski boots under the window.

'We can't believe she's dead, ma'am. It's terrible,' said Jeff. When he spoke, I could hear that he came from Texas. He was a tall, blond young man, good-looking.

'I understand,' I said. 'I'll try to be quick, but I have to ask some questions.'

'Sure,' said Jeff.

'It was eleven o'clock,' Teresa said, 'when I went to look for Janine.'

Teresa looked up at me. She had dark hair and very white skin.

'You slept in the same room, you and Janine?' I asked.

'Yes,' she answered, 'me and Janine in one room, Room 309, and Jeff in this room.'

I looked at the girl. I gave her time to tell her story.

'Janine went to the swimming pool at about nine o'clock. I fell asleep at about ten-thirty. I was very tired; we skied the whole day. But I woke up just before eleven o'clock and saw that Janine wasn't there. In her bed, I mean. So I got dressed and went up to the top floor. It was really cold outside. I saw her in the swimming pool. Just on top of the water.' The girl put her head in her hands. 'I can't stop thinking about it,' she said. She was quiet for a moment.

'I jumped into the pool,' she went on. 'I tried to pull her out of the water, but she was too heavy. I turned her over and put my mouth to hers, but it was no good. I knew it was no good.' Teresa put her head in her hands again and cried.

'And there was no-one else around?' I asked after a few minutes.

'I couldn't see anyone,' she said. 'I shouted out and a hotel worker heard me. He called the police.'

'And was Janine a good swimmer?' I asked.

'Oh yes, ma'am,' said Jeff. 'She was a great swimmer. I'm sure that Janine didn't drown by herself.'

'And how long have you been here?' I asked.

'Almost ten days,' said Jeff. 'We have to leave tomorrow. Classes start next week.'

'And do you want to write for a newspaper, like Janine?' I asked.

'Yes, I do. I study journalism,' said Jeff. His face went white. 'Janine wanted so much to be a writer,' he said. 'It was the thing she wanted most in the world. And she was really good.'

'We know each other from the ski club,' said Teresa. 'We all loved skiing.'

'Is this your first time here in Pine Crest?' I asked.

'Mm, yes it is for us,' said Jeff, 'but Janine knew it; she came here every year. To ski, I mean. She was the one... She said it was a lovely place. And it's true. We were having a good time here.'

'Did Janine know anyone here in Pine Crest?' I asked. 'I mean, did she see anyone while she was here - a friend - anyone?'

Teresa shook her head. 'I don't know,' she said. 'I don't think so. Just us, I think.'

'But she sometimes went off on her own - alone?' I asked. 'Like the night she died?'

'Yes. Janine always went to the pool alone in the evenings,' said Teresa. 'But she didn't talk about anyone. I don't think she knew anyone here. I think she just thought, or wrote in her notebook, and went swimming.'

'Notebook?' I asked.

'Yes, Janine wrote in her notebook every day,' said Teresa. 'She wrote about her day, about her thoughts, her feelings, I think. About things that happened to her, things she saw. Like Jeff said, she wanted to be a writer. She liked to write.'

'And where's her notebook now?' I asked.

'Well...' said Teresa, 'in our room, I think. She always kept it next to her bed. She liked to write when she woke up in the morning. You know her dreams and things. Do you think it could be... Shall I get it?'

'We can all go,' I said.

We all went upstairs to Room 309. It was the same as Jeff's room, but with two beds. Teresa looked for the notebook.

'I can't find it,' she said. 'It isn't here!'

'It must be somewhere,' said Jeff. 'Shall we help you look?'

'Well, OK,' said Teresa, 'but it isn't here. Really, it isn't. She always kept it next to her bed!'



We looked everywhere in the room. But Teresa was right. Janine's notebook was gone. Perhaps she took it with her to the swimming pool last night? I left the dead girl's friends with some questions in my head. Where was Janine Anderson's notebook? Did Janine Anderson's killer take it? And if so, why?





CHAPTER FOUR



A talk with Jeff



I went upstairs to the swimming pool where Janine died. From there you could see everything: the town and the mountains. Two of Gershon's men were there.

'Were you here last night?' I asked the men.

'I was, Detective Laine,' said one of them, a tall, big guy. 'The name's Williams. Sergeant Bob Williams.'

'And did you find anything?' I asked.

'Just a pen,' said Williams.

'A pen?' I said.

'Yes,' he said. 'I found a pen just here by the side of the pool. They're looking at it - to see if it was the girl's.'

It looked like Janine Anderson really was writing in her notebook last night, I thought. The pen was there, but where was the notebook?

'OK. And one more thing,' I said. 'Can you get to the swimming pool without going through the hotel reception?'

'Yes,' said Williams. 'You can go through the parking lot, and the place they keep the skis, then into the elevator.'

'And the elevator brings you here?' I asked.

'That's right,' he said.

'No security cameras?' I asked.

'No,' Williams said. 'I talked to the hotel manager and he told me they never had any problems.'

Until now, I thought, as I left the Mountain Hotel.

I went outside into the street. On a wall, there was an advertisement. 'Governor to run for White House,' it said.

There was a picture of Clark Johnson, the Governor of Colorado. The elections for President were later in the year.

I looked back up to the top floor of the Mountain Hotel. I couldn't see the pool or Williams from here. But maybe from higher up? I looked across the street and saw a restaurant called the Columbine. You could sit outside at the top and I could see people at the little tables. I went in and walked up the stairs.

I showed the young waiter my police badge. I looked over to the Mountain Hotel. I could see Sergeant Williams next to the pool. What if...? The killer could see Janine Anderson from here! He could sit here in the restaurant and wait, then just walk into the hotel.

'Last night,' I said to the waiter, 'did you see anything... anyone strange?'

'Strange?' The young man thought for a moment. 'Mmm,' he said, 'well, there was one man... he's come here every night for the past ten days. A slim guy, about thirty-five, always alone. Sits here for hours sometimes.'

'And last night?' I asked.

'Last night,' the waiter answered, 'I thought it was strange because the man asked for coffee but he left before the coffee came.'

'He left without paying?' I asked.

'No, no,' said the waiter, 'he paid. He left some money on the table and just ran out.'

'What time did he leave?' I asked.

'Oh, I can't remember, I'm sorry,' said the waiter. 'We were busy last night, but we close at ten.'

'What time do the waiters leave?' I asked.

'Oh, usually about ten-thirty,' he said.

So maybe the man just walked across the street, through the parking lot and into the hotel to kill Janine Anderson? And no one could see him from the Columbine because it was closed. Was the man at the Columbine Janine Anderson's killer?

I left the Columbine and walked back to the police station. I told Gershon about the man at the Columbine. 'Get Sergeant Williams on to it,' I said. 'We need to find that man.'

I got in my car and drove to my hotel. The Pine Lodge Hotel was just half a mile away from the Mountain Hotel. I usually stayed at the Pine Lodge when I came to Pine Crest for a skiing weekend. It was a friendly place with nice, comfortable rooms.

From the window of my room, I looked out over the mountains. Then I opened my small suitcase, lay on my bed and thought about what I knew.

It was easy for the killer, I thought. Easy to watch Janine from the terrace of the Columbine. Easy to get to the swimming pool. But why?

I turned to the phone on the little table by the side of the bed. I called Leo and told him what I knew so far.

Leo listened. Then he asked, 'How's Bill Gershon?'

'He's surprised I'm a woman,' I said. 'You didn't tell him...'

Leo laughed. I laughed too. We talked a little and then Leo said: 'Flick, I have something to tell you.'

'Yes?' I said.

'We found out something today about Eddie Lang and Scott's murder,' said Leo.

I sat up quickly and shouted: 'Eddie Lang! You mean you know we can get him?'

'Wait,' said Leo. 'Not exactly, but I think we're very near.'

'I'm coming back,' I said. 'I need to be there.'

'No,' said Leo. 'You stay right where you are. We'll get Eddie Lang. You get Janine Anderson's killer.'

I felt weak. I said goodbye to Leo, put the phone down and lay down again. It was only three o'clock in the afternoon, but I felt tired and closed my eyes. Before I knew it, I was asleep. I dreamed about Scott, like I often did. I dreamed about his blood on the floor.

Then a noise woke me. It was the phone.

'Hello,' I said. My voice was heavy with sleep.

'Detective Laine?'

'Yes, who is it?' I asked.

'It's Jeff Mason - Janine's friend,' said the young man. 'I have to talk to you.'

'OK Jeff, sure,' I said. 'Come over.'

I got up and took a shower. I tried to wake up, tried to forget Scott's blood on the floor. The redness of it. I let the waterfall over my body. It was warm and it felt good. Scott was dead, but the water felt good. Ten minutes later Jeff arrived. I went down to Reception to see him. We sat by the fire.

'What is it?' I asked.

The young man looked at me. 'Well, maybe it's nothing, but...' he started. I could see that he really wanted to talk.

'Well,' I said, 'it's best to tell me if you think it's important.'

'It's about the notebook,' he said.

'The notebook?' I asked. 'Do you have it?'

'No,' he said. 'No, it's just that... Well, you know that Janine was studying to be a journalist?'

'Yes, like you,' I said.

'Well, I was thinking...' Jeff said.

'What is it?' I asked.

'The thing is,' he said, 'every year at our university we have a competition.'

'I don't understand,' I said.

'It's a competition for students of journalism,' he told me, 'in February. It's for the best story. You know something new... something that no one knows about.'

'And?' I asked.

'So the winner - the one who writes the best story - gets a big prize,' he said, 'and Janine really wanted to win.'

'And she was good.' I said.

'The best.' Jeff smiled. 'And she was working on something really big, I'm sure.'

'How do you know?' I asked.

'Well, I just know she was,' he said. 'She was always writing in her notebook. I could see she was. It was something big. And I'm sure it was something about Pine Crest!'

'Why do you think that? About Pine Crest, I mean?' I asked.

'Well, you know she came here every year?'

'Yes,' I said.

'I watched her,' said Jeff. 'Well, you know, we were friends. And she went to the library at least two afternoons in the last ten days, after skiing. For books. She was trying to put the story together. I'm sure of it!'

I thought about what he said. 'But she didn't show it to you?' I asked. 'Or talk to you about it?'

Jeff smiled. 'No!' he said. 'I'm in the competition too. I don't know if it means anything... that the notebook is gone.'

'Well,' I smiled at him, 'it's something.'

I looked out of the window. The mountains were soft and quiet.

'Why didn't you say something before?' I asked him.

'I didn't think. I mean I didn't think it could have anything to do with it,' said the young man. 'But maybe it does. And now the notebook's gone.'

It was quiet for a moment. Then Jeff spoke. 'You know, Detective Laine,' he said, looking at me, 'it's really terrible to lose someone close to you. I can't tell you how I feel. I feel terrible.'

'Yes,' I said. 'I know.'

I looked at Jeff. He looked so young and so sad. I don't know why, but I wanted to tell him about Scott. Perhaps it was because my dream was so close to me. Perhaps it was because Jeff had kind, blue eyes. Perhaps it was because Jeff's friend was dead too. I told him the story. The story about Scott.

'We never caught him,' I said. 'Eddie Lang, I mean. I never caught him. I knew it was him. I knew he killed Scott. But...'

'But you didn't have anything... you couldn't show that it was him,' said Jeff. 'I understand. Yes, it's difficult.'

'Yeah,' I said, standing up. 'Most days it's difficult, and some days are more difficult than others.'

'So...?' Jeff asked.

'So how do I live?' I asked the question for him. 'Well, some days I think why wasn't I there in front? Why didn't I die? Then some days I think why didn't I stop Lang, stop him from shooting Scott?'

Jeff looked at me.

'But most days,' I said, 'I think we're going to get Eddie Lang! One day, Eddie Lang will be in prison for a very long time!'





CHAPTER FIVE



Looking for reasons



That night at about nine-thirty Janine Anderson's parents flew into Denver International Airport. They were returning early from their holiday in Italy. A police car drove them to Pine Crest Hospital. They had to see their daughter's body, to see that it really was Janine.

The Andersons were staying at the Pine Lodge too, and late in the evening, at about eleven o'clock, Bill Gershon brought them to the hotel. 'I'm so sorry,' I said to them. 'I'll try to make this quick.'

Gene and Loretta Anderson were both forty to forty-five, well-dressed, rich Texans. Janine's mother soon went to her room and I talked to the father. Gene Anderson was a Texas oilman, a man who was now very rich, but who started life on a farm, a ranch, near Houston.

'I just can't believe it,' he said again and again. 'She was so young, so intelligent. Who did this, Detective Laine? Who killed my baby?'

'I don't know, Mr. Anderson,' I said, 'but I am going to find out.'

'I hope so, Detective Laine. I really hope so.'

'But I need your help, Mr. Anderson,' I said.

'Anything I can do,' he said.

'Well, there is one thing,' I said. 'She was studying to become a journalist, right?'



'That's right,' he said, 'and she was an "A" student.' He smiled for the first time. 'She was a really good writer,' he said. 'All her teachers said she could be a really good journalist one day.'



Gene Anderson tried to stop himself from crying. I waited for a few minutes.

'Mr. Anderson, Janine's friend Jeff told me that she was writing something for a university competition,' I said.

'Yes,' said the dead girl's father, 'and she really wanted to win. She wanted to be a journalist more than anything in the world. And she knew that it was a good start. She told me something about it at Christmas.'

'Did she tell you what she was writing about?' I asked.

'No, not really, ma'am,' said Gene Anderson, 'but I think it was something big.'

I looked at Gene Anderson.

He went on: '"Daddy," she told me, "this story's so big it's going to get me the journalism prize and maybe somebody will go to prison for a very long time."'

'But she didn't tell you who the "somebody" was?' I asked him.

'No,' he said, 'she didn't. She was working on it, you know, getting it right. Hey, you're not saying...?'



'I'm not saying anything, Mr. Anderson,' I replied. 'Nothing at all.'



The next morning I got up early and went out. It was very cold in the early morning. The snow was hard and it was difficult to stay on your feet.

I thought again, about what Gene Anderson told me. 'Somebody will go to prison for a very long time,' his daughter said to him. Who was it? What was Janine writing about?

I looked for Pine Crest Town Library, the library where Janine Anderson went to study for her story. Then I saw a building with a big sign outside. It said: 'Books can change your life.'

I went into the library. The young woman at the desk had big hair and a big smile. 'Good morning, can I help you?' she said.

'Yes,' I said, and showed her my police badge. 'Detective Flick Laine, Denver Police Department. It's about the death of Janine Anderson.'

She stopped smiling. 'Oh yes, poor girl... it's terrible.'

'Did she ever come here?' I asked.

'Yes, she did,' said the young woman. 'She mostly wanted to look at pages from old newspapers.'

'She could take books and newspapers away?' I asked.

'She had a letter from her university,' said the young woman, 'so she could take newspapers and books out. She was a student, you know.'

'Yes,' I said. 'Do you have a list of the newspapers and books she took?'

'Oh yes,' said the librarian. 'Would you like to see it?'

'Yes, please,' I said.

The young woman turned to the computer in front of her. 'Here,' she said. 'Have a look.'

First, there was the dead girl's name and home address in Texas. Then there was a list of books; all of them were about Colorado and land development. Then there was a list of about ten newspapers that Janine took from the library in the last two years. I asked to see them all. In every newspaper, there was a story about ski resorts and hotels. One of them talked about a famous movie star.

The movie star, Susan Hunter, who lives in Pine Crest, said: 'People have always come to Colorado, to get rich fast. In the past, it was gold and silver. Today, most of the gold and silver has gone. The new gold is land that can be used for ski resorts and hotels. Land developers make millions of dollars from this land. Today in Colorado, there's a fight between big business and nature lovers who want to stop this. I am fighting for Colorado!'

I closed the newspaper. Big business, I thought. Big money. Every year in Colorado, there were more houses, more stores, and more ski resorts. More and more people trying to make money. I knew that people who lived here in the Rocky Mountains often got angry. 'This is nature,' they said. 'We don't need more buildings. We don't need more ski resorts.' But it was like standing on the beach and trying to make the sea go back.





CHAPTER SIX



A Movie Star



I called Gershon on my cell phone.

'Susan Hunter,' I said. 'She seems to be very active in the fight against land development.'

'Yeah, she was, he said. 'But she hasn't done anything for a while.'

'Where does she live?' I asked.

'Big house up on Hillside,' he said. Hillside was the part of Pine Crest where all the famous people lived.

'Good,' I said. 'I'll go to see her. Oh, and did you hear from the hospital?'

'Yes,' he said.

'And?' I asked. Working with Gershon was slow.

'Well, they are sure now that it was murder,' he said, 'and it was a man.'

'What time did she die?' I asked.

'Between ten-thirty and eleven,' he said.

Janine Anderson died minutes before Teresa Douglas went to the pool and found her body. And probably minutes after the waiters at the Columbine left.

I put my phone away and felt my gun in my inside pocket.

At three o'clock that afternoon, I parked my Chevy next to Susan Hunter's Jaguar, outside her beautiful big house. Movie stars, I thought. They don't like development, but they live in big houses!



I got out of my car and looked at the mountains. I saw that there were cameras everywhere around the house. A very tall man came to the door. I could see that he had a gun under his jacket.



I showed him my City of Denver police badge.

'Good afternoon, Detective Laine,' he said, smiling.

He took me into the star's living room. A few moments later, she walked in.

Susan Hunter was a beautiful woman in her thirties, with black hair and clear blue eyes. She was dressed in grey trousers and a red blouse with a high neck. We sat together in the very big living room, drinking tea. Around the room, there were photos of the star with other famous movie stars. There were also photos of her husband and three children.

'Yes, in the past it was gold and silver, Detective Laine,' she said, taking a drink of her tea. 'Now it's ski resorts. There's always some reason why we need land.'

I waited for more.

'But,' she said, 'it can't go on like this. The land is not ours. It's for our children and our grandchildren to enjoy. This is such a beautiful place.'

'Yes, it's lovely,' I agreed. We looked out of the window. The sun was starting to go down over the Rocky Mountains and the sky was pink and orange.

'But ski resorts mean big money,' she went on, 'and it's difficult to stop people buying and developing the land.' Her voice became very quiet. 'Look at Redridge,' she said.

'Oh yes,' I said. Redridge was a small town thirty miles away. It was an old silver town.

'Well,' she said, 'three years ago Redridge was a small, quiet town. Now it's a very big resort with hotels, expensive stores and restaurants, and ski runs everywhere. It has thousands of visitors every year.'

'So?' I asked. 'Isn't that good for the town?'

Susan Hunter laughed. 'Have you seen it?' she asked.

'Tell me more,' I said.

'The Government Land Office,' she said, 'bought the Redridge land fifty years ago. Then, in 1997, they - the GLO - wanted to sell the land. They knew they could sell it as a vacation resort and get a lot of money.'

I knew that this happened a lot. The government was always trying to find ways to make money. Susan Hunter went on: 'So they asked vacation resort companies to tell them about their plans for the town. There were five big companies that wanted to develop Redridge. The company that won was Alpine Resorts. Their boss is a guy called Ricky Klein.'

'Ricky Klein?' I asked.

'He's always in the newspapers,' she said. 'He's very rich and he has hundreds of businesses. Alpine Resorts was already famous for Alpine Resorts Oregon, which destroyed beautiful natural forests. Three of the other four companies all had good plans for Redridge. They wanted to save its natural beauty,' she went on.

'So why did the GLO choose the worst plan?' I asked.

'Ha! That's the big question, Detective Laine,' said Susan Hunter. 'I guess that Ricky Klein gave someone in the GLO a lot of money.'

'Money? A bribe?' I asked.

Susan Hunter nodded. 'A bribe,' she said. 'Millions of dollars, I guess.'

'And why wasn't it in the newspapers?' I asked. 'I mean, you knew about it... who else?'

'The GLO kept everything quiet until the last minute,' she said. 'Then it was too late. My group was called Save Colorado. We knew about the bribe from someone who worked for the GLO. But we don't know who took the bribe.'

I looked at her. 'Did you know Janine Anderson?' I asked.

'Yes, I did a little,' she said quietly. 'She came here to talk to me last year. I told her what I knew.'

That's it, I thought. Janine Anderson found out the name of the person in the Government Land Office who took the money.

It was quiet for a few moments.

'And what about Pine Crest?' I asked.

'Well,' Susan Hunter said, 'the next Alpine Resorts development will be in Pine Crest, later this year. What happened to Redridge will happen here. They'll kill its natural beauty.' She smiled sadly. And no-one can save it.'

I stood up to go. At the door, I turned round. 'There's one thing I don't understand,' I said.

'You mean why don't I do something about this? Why didn't I tell the police before now?' she asked.

She pulled down the neck of her red blouse. On her neck, very near her throat, there was a big scar. From a knife.

'Detective Laine, I have three children, a wonderful husband and my work,' she said. 'I don't want to die.'

'What happened?' I asked.

'It was a year ago. Oh, I can't say who it was,' she said. 'It happened at night and I didn't see his face. But I'm sure it was because of all this. These are dangerous days. We must be very careful.'

Yeah, dangerous days, I thought. I felt my gun under my jacket and left the movie star's house.





CHAPTER SEVEN



A visit to Redridge



I drove away from Susan Hunter's house and back to my hotel. I thought about my talk with the movie star. Ricky Klein of Alpine Resorts gave someone in the Government Land Office a bribe to take the worst plan for Redridge. And Janine Anderson knew all about it. But who was it, and how did Janine find out?

I went back to my room and called Gershon.

'Bill, I want a full list of people in the Government Land Office since 1996. Can you ask one of your men to get it for me?'

'I guess so,' said Gershon.

Same old Gershon. What was wrong with the guy?

The next morning I woke up early. I picked up my gun. I remembered Susan Hunter's question about Redridge: 'Have you seen it?'

It was time to visit Redridge. I wanted to see it for myself.

I got in the Chevy and drove the thirty miles to the town.

'Welcome to Redridge, home of Alpine Resorts Colorado' said the sign as I drove in. The town was busy with people on vacation. Skiers, mostly. On Main Street, there were some stores and restaurants. Then, at the end of the street, I found the beginning of Alpine Resorts Colorado. At the gate was a man in a blue uniform.

'Good morning, how can I help you?' he asked. He smiled and showed very white teeth.

'Well,' I said, 'I'm just visiting, you know, and I'd like to take a look.'

'Of course,' he smiled. 'I'll ask someone to show you around.'

I waited. He talked to someone on the phone. A few minutes later, a young blonde woman walked up to me. She smiled a lot too.

'Good morning,' she said, shaking my hand. 'My name is Tina Nielson from Alpine Resorts. Let me show you around our beautiful resort.'



We started walking. Alpine Resorts Colorado was almost like a small city. When you went through the big gate, there were a lot of different buildings. There were three swimming pools, four hotels, vacation homes, restaurants and ski rental. It was very, very big.



'We have the complete vacation here,' smiled Tina. 'You can do everything. You don't have to leave Alpine Resorts.'

I looked around. Many of the buildings were so big that you couldn't see the mountains.

'Yes,' she went on. 'It's a vacation for the whole family. And the skiing is very good. We have all the ski runs in Redridge right here.'

'You mean,' I said, 'if I want to ski I have to stay here?'

'Well,' she said, 'of course you can ski just for the day. But the ski runs are ours. I mean Alpine Resorts'.'

'And how much is a ski pass?' I asked.

'It's three hundred dollars a day,' she said.

Three hundred dollars! That was double the cost of a ski pass in Pine Crest. Alpine Resorts was very expensive; someone was making a lot of money!

'But why don't you try it?' she said.

'Well, I'm a little busy...' I started.

'Come on,' she said. 'We'll be happy to give you a half price ski pass for the morning. That will be just seventy-five dollars.'

'Well, OK,' I said. I could ski for an hour or two, I thought. I needed some time to think.

I went to the ski rental, and got some skis, boots and poles. I went up the mountain on a ski lift and spent an hour or two skiing the lower runs. It was a beautiful day to be on the mountains. But from the top I could see how big Alpine Resorts really was.



At about eleven-thirty, I went into a cafe halfway up the mountain. There were a lot of other skiers there. I drank my coffee, took my ski run map out of my pocket and looked at it. Up above the cafe there were some difficult, 'black' runs with interesting names like Mad Dog and Killer Run. I wanted to try them. And I wanted to get away from the people. I needed to think.



I took the Mountain Tops ski lift up another 1,000 feet. Here, at 10,500 feet, the world was white and quiet. It was very cold. There were almost no people, just a few figures far away. Most skiers stayed down below. I felt alone. I put my hand in the pocket on the inside of my coat and felt my gun.

I wanted to go up even higher, to 12,000 feet, almost to the top of the mountain. I started to walk slowly to the Summit ski lift. Suddenly, I heard somebody behind me.

'Detective Laine,' said a man's voice.

I turned around. The man was wearing a black ski mask. I couldn't see his face. Just his brown eyes.

I moved away from the man quickly. But the man came closer to me and said in my ear: 'Turn around, Detective. We're going to get on the ski lift together.' I felt something hard in my back. It felt like a gun. There were no people, anywhere. Just the man with the gun and me.

'And don't do anything stupid,' he said, 'or I'll kill you.'





CHAPTER EIGHT



Dangerous Days



'You can't do this,' I said to the man.

'Be quiet and get on the ski lift,' the man said. He pushed me.

The ski lift had a seat for two people. The man pushed me into the seat and then he got in next to me. I looked around, but there was nobody up here. The ski lift went up. Up to the top of the mountain.

I looked at the man, at his brown eyes. He was slim. Was he the man at the Columbine?

'Give me your gun,' he said.

'My gun?' I said.

'Come on,' he said. 'I know you're carrying a gun.'

I looked down. We were thirty feet over the snow.

'And don't do anything stupid,' he said.

I put my hand inside my coat and felt my gun. I took it out and gave it to him.

'And now,' said the man, putting my gun in his pocket, 'you're going to fall... you're going to fall from the ski lift.' 'You're crazy!' I said. 'They'll catch you.'

'I'll just say that you fell,' he said. Anyway, I don't know you, and you don't know me, do you?'

I thought fast. 'I know you work for Ricky Klein,' I said, taking a chance. I needed time and I wanted him to talk. The man looked at me. 'You're smart,' he said.

'And Janine Anderson?' I asked. 'Did you kill her?'

'We had to,' he said. 'She knew too much. She asked too many questions. And she was very stupid. She wanted to tell everyone about it.'

'How did you know that she was alone in the swimming pool?' I asked.

'I watched her,' he said, 'watched her for days.'

'From the Columbine restaurant,' I said.

'Yes, she often went to the pool alone in the evenings. It was easy. I just went into the hotel through the parking lot.' Yes, I thought. It couldn't be easier.

'And then you took her notebook?' I asked.

'Do you think I'm crazy? Of course, I took her notebook. I burned it.'

I didn't want him to stop.

'And she knew the name of the man in the Government Land Office?' I asked quickly. 'The man who took a bribe from Ricky Klein to let him build Alpine Resorts Colorado?'

'Yes, Detective,' he said, 'the Big Boss, Big CJ.'

'Big CJ? Who's that?' I asked.

'Enough questions,' said the man. 'I just do the killing, Detective.'

I looked down. We were very high. The snow and the trees were a long way down. I could see two skiers on the mountain but they were very far away. I couldn't shout. I couldn't do anything.

'You're next, Detective Laine,' he said. 'Time to die.'

I looked down again. It was a long way down and he was trying to push me. I had to do something and I had to do it now.

The gunman moved to lift up the bar on the ski lift. Quickly, I moved forward and hit him in his face with my right hand. At the same time, I hit his hand with the gun in it with my left hand. The gun flew out of his hand and fell. It made no noise as it fell into the snow far below.

'You...' he started, 'you...' But it was too late. I hit him on the back of his head, pushed him and he fell. Down, down, down.

I looked down and watched him. His skis were heavy and he fell fast. He fell into the trees far down below. I pulled down the bar. The ski lift went on moving. Up, up. It was quiet again. The only thing I could hear was the sound of my heart.





CHAPTER NINE



A lot to lose



'Whisky, please,' I said to Bill Gershon.

I sat down. It was nine o'clock that evening. We were in his office. I needed a drink. Gershon took the whisky from his cupboard. I smiled at him. 'Just like Leo,' I said. 'Do all Chiefs of Police have whisky in their cupboards?'

Gershon smiled and put the whisky down on the little table in front of me.

I took a drink of the whisky. It was good. I looked at Gershon. I was alive.

'Tony Rizzo,' I said to Gershon, 'what did you find out about him?'

The only thing I knew about the gunman was his name. The police found his body in the snow. Tony Rizzo was the name on the driver's license in his pocket.

'Tony Rizzo came from New Mexico,' said Gershon. 'He was a hit man for anybody who paid him.'

A hit man. A killer. And Ricky Klein had enough money to pay him, I thought.

Gershon went on: 'He spent four years in prison near Santa Fe, New Mexico, from 1993 to 1997 for killing a security guard.'

'Only four years?' I asked.

'He got out,' Gershon said. 'His friends helped him. He jumped out of a window and onto a furniture truck.' I looked at Gershon. He was almost enjoying himself, I thought. Well, it was different from parking tickets.

'Anyway,' I said, 'I got everything from him.'

'The whole story?' asked Gershon.

'Well, almost everything,' I said. 'I got Rizzo to talk on the ski lift. He killed Janine Anderson. And Ricky Klein was behind it.'

'Wow!' said Gershon. 'You're good!'

I smiled. 'That's the nicest thing you've said to me, Bill,' I said. Gershon looked at me and smiled. Maybe we were becoming friends at last.

'But there's someone else,' I went on. 'Someone Rizzo called the "Big Boss, Big CJ". Janine Anderson knew a lot. Everything, I think. About Klein, how he gave a lot of money to this Big CJ. This man who was in the Government Land Office.'

'Government Land Office!' said Bill Gershon suddenly. He put his hand in his pocket and took out about five pieces of paper. 'I forgot! Here are the names.'

I took the papers from Gershon and put them on the table in front of me. I read through them. I was looking for a famous name.

A few minutes later, I looked up at Gershon. 'Bill, there's one name on here that...'

'Yes, I know,' said Gershon. His eyes were big and round. 'Governor Clark Johnson... a member of the GLO!'

'But it can't be!' I said.

Clark Johnson! CJ! The Governor of Colorado. And the man who everyone said was the next President of the United States.



I drank my whisky. Now I could see everything. 'Janine Anderson had enough to send Klein to prison for twenty years,' I said to Bill, 'and she had enough to finish Governor Johnson. She wanted to write all about it. Of course she had to die.'



'But how did Janine know about Clark Johnson?'

'Maybe she guessed at first,' I said. 'She knew that it must be someone important in the GLO. Someone who needed a lot of money.'

'Wow!' said Gershon. 'If this is true, it's big!'

'Yes,' I said, 'it's big. Johnson was in the Government Land Office when Klein built Alpine Resorts Colorado in Redridge. Johnson needed money. He wanted to become Governor.'

'So Klein said, "You let me build Alpine Resorts..."' said Gershon.

'"And I'll give you money!" A lot of money. Millions of dollars, probably,' I said. 'We can look at his bank account easily enough.'

'And then Johnson wanted to become President!' said Gershon.

'Yes,' I said. 'I think Janine really did have a big story. The biggest.'

The 'next President of the United States' took money from Ricky Klein to let Klein build a new Alpine Resorts. What was bigger than that?

'But now we've got enough to send Klein to prison for a very long time,' I said. 'And I think we can get Clark Johnson too.'

'Wow!' said Bill.

'Yes,' I said. 'Wow!'





CHAPTER TEN



The Big Boss



'That's the story,' I said to Jeff Mason.

Jeff now knew everything about Alpine Resorts and Ricky Klein. And about Governor Clark Johnson.

'So that's why poor Janine died!' he said. 'Because of Clark Johnson!'

'Yes, and now we need to get Johnson,' I said.

'What about Klein?' asked Jeff.



'We can't find him,' I said. 'He knows about Rizzo and he's gone - the police are still looking for him. We're going to get Johnson,' I went on, 'and I need your help.'



An hour later, Jeff called Johnson's office. I listened to the conversation on another phone. 'I want to speak to Governor Johnson,' said Jeff.

'I'm sorry, but the Governor is busy now,' said a young woman. 'Can I help?'

'Yes,' said Jeff. 'You can tell the Governor that I want to talk about my friend Janine Anderson and the money Governor Johnson took from Mr. Ricky Klein.' Jeff gave the woman his hotel name and his telephone number.

Now we just had to wait. We had to wait for Johnson's new hit man. Tony Rizzo was dead, but I was sure that Clark Johnson had another hit man. Another killer. We waited in Jeff's room. It was dark. Jeff was on the bed. Two of Gershon's men waited near the window. They had their guns.

I was behind the door with my gun. We waited one hour, two hours. It was late at night and the hotel was quiet.

Then I heard a noise outside the door. Somebody was trying to get in. The door opened and I could see a man. I moved fast from behind the door. Then I hit him over the back of his head with my gun. He fell to the floor like a tree. He didn't move.

I turned on the light. Gershon's men came out with their guns and stood around him. One of them took the hit man's gun from his hand. Jeff got up from the bed and came over.

I looked at the man on the floor. He was wearing black clothes and he had a black ski mask over his head. I took it off and looked at the man's face.

I turned cold. I couldn't speak. Jeff looked at me. 'Do you know him?' he asked.

'Yes,' I said quietly. 'It's Eddie Lang. The man who killed Scott.'

'Tell me about Governor Clark Johnson,' I said to Eddie Lang. 'He's behind this, right?'



Eddie Lang looked up and saw all the police around him. 'Yes,' he said.



The next day, I was in Gershon's office.

'We've found Klein,' he said. 'He's told us everything.' Bill Gershon smiled at me. 'Thanks, Flick,' he said. 'Thanks for everything. I'm sorry...'

'Forget it,' I said, smiling.

I said goodbye to Gershon and the others - to Jeff and Teresa, and to Janine Anderson's parents.

'Thank you,' said Gene Anderson. 'Thank you so much.' Then I got in my red Chevy and drove out of Pine Crest and onto the highway. I looked back at the beautiful Rocky Mountains. The mountains were white and the sky was blue. Life was almost good. Janine Anderson's killer was dead. Ricky Klein was going to prison for twenty years and Alpine Resorts was finished. Better than that, Clark Johnson, Governor of Colorado, was finished too. He could never be President of the United States now.

I thought about Scott. I could feel him smiling at me. 'Good work, Flick,' I could hear him say.

And, perhaps best of all, I thought, Eddie Lang was going to prison for a very long time! Yes, life was good. I was in my red Chevy and life was good.




CHAPTER ONE



The one thing nobody asked her, Darcy thought in the days after she found what she found in the garage, was this: How's your marriage? They asked how was your weekend and how was your trip to Florida and how's your health and how are the kids? But nobody asked how's your marriage?

Good, she would've answered the question before that night. Everything's fine.

She had been born Darcellen Madsen in the year John F. Kennedy was elected President. She was raised in Maine. She went to high school, and then to a Business School, where she learned secretarial skills. Then she was hired by Joe Ransome Chevrolet, a large car company. She was plain but had enough makeup skills to make herself pretty on workdays and eye-catching on Friday and Saturday nights when she went out.

In 1982, Joe Ransome hired an accounting firm to help him with his tax situation. A pair of men came, one old and one young. Both wore glasses and conservative suits; both combed their short hair away. The younger accountant was Bob Anderson. He was as plain as she was. She started talking with him on his second day at the car company and asked him if he had any hobbies. Yes, he said, he was a numismatist. Just like her father. He asked her to call him Bob. Later, during their lunch, he asked if she would like to go out with him on Saturday. She said yes. And she said yes on their wedding day, too.

In 1986, Bob got a promotion. He also started up a small business in collectible coins. It was successful from the start, and in 1990, he expanded it with Darcy's help. The business never got big enough to become full-time, but that was all right. Neither of them wanted such a thing. They agreed on that as they did on the house they bought and on the children, they had.

They agreed. When they didn't agree, they compromised. But mostly they agreed.

How's your marriage?

It was good. A good marriage. Donnie was born in 1986, and Petra was born in 1988. A successful marriage was a balancing act - that was a thing everyone knew. A successful marriage was about tolerance - this was a thing Darcy knew. She did her best. So did he.

In 2004, Donnie went off to college in Pennsylvania. In 2006, Petra went to Colby. By then, Darcy Madsen Anderson was forty-six years old. Bob was forty-nine - with a bald spot on his head and a growing belly. He had become a partner in the accounting firm, and they moved into a more expensive house. There had always been satisfaction in the family. The satisfaction of knowing they were still together when so many others were not; the satisfaction of knowing that - as they approached their Silver Anniversary - their marriage was still steady.

In 2009, twenty-five years after their wedding, Donnie and Petra organized a surprise party for them. There were over fifty guests, champagne, steaks, and a huge cake. They danced just as they had at their wedding. The guests applauded.

She remembered all the details of their long marriage then. She knew he must've kept his own history of her, too. The big things and the little things. But all of that was just history now. These things and ten thousand others were the secret history of the marriage.

Now it was twenty-seven years - nine thousand eight hundred and fifty-five days. Almost a quarter of a million hours and over fourteen million minutes. Of course, some of that time, he'd been gone on business, and she'd taken a few trips, but mostly they had been together.

Did she know everything about him? Of course not. No more than he knew about her. There was no way of knowing everything, but she felt that after twenty-seven years, they knew all the important things. It was a good marriage, one that was working out. She believed that in the same way she believed that gravity would hold her to the earth when she walked down the street.



Until that night in the garage.





CHAPTER TWO



The TV controller stopped working, and there were no batteries in the kitchen cabinet. So Darcy went out to the garage because she knew Bob kept batteries there - and that was enough to change her life.

The kitchen and the garage were connected. If Bob had been here, she would've asked him to change the batteries. The garage was mostly his domain, after all. She only went there to get her car out and that only on bad-weather days; otherwise, she parked it in the driveway. But Bob was in Vermont, evaluating a collection of World War II coins, and she was home alone.

She turned the light on. The garage was spacious and neat, the tools hung on the boards and Bob's workbench in order. The floor was a gray concrete. There were no oil stains. Bob's weekday smaller car was there; this time he had taken his SUV to Vermont. Her own car was parked outside.

She walked to the bench, where several square tins were set, each neatly labeled: BOLTS, SCREWS, NAILS, PLUMBING, etc. The cabinet with the batteries had a label reading ELECTRICAL STUFF and was more to the left. Darcy moved in that direction without looking where she was going and stumbled over a cardboard box that hadn't been pushed under the workbench.

She could simply have pushed the box back under with her foot, but she saw a knitting catalogue on top of the box and knelt down to take it in with the batteries. And when she lifted it, there were other catalogues under it, hundreds of them.

Why was Bob keeping them there? Was he hiding them from her so that she wouldn't spend too much money on useless purchases? But they were not poor at all.

At first, she wanted to take all these catalogues back into the house, which would take three or four trips, because those catalogues were heavy and endless. She was still thinking about it, looking through the pile, when she came to something that wasn't a catalogue. Not a catalogue at all. It was a magazine called Bondage Bitches, with nasty pictures on the cover. She almost didn't take it out. But finding it here, in a pile of what had to be at least two hundred catalogues... her catalogues... there was something strange about that. Was her husband interested in that kind of thing? Well, even if he was, she thought, he was certainly hiding it very well in the bedroom.

Maybe she shouldn't worry after all. Men are adventurous by nature, and many of them like to investigate new things. Male investigation - that was all this was. Bob had maybe seen the magazine on a newsstand somewhere, and had been curious. Or maybe he'd picked it out of a trash can at a store. He had taken it home, looked through it here in the garage, had been as shocked as she was, and had put it in this huge pile of catalogues planned for the recycling bin so she wouldn't see it and criticize him. That was all. If she looked through the rest of these catalogues, she'd find nothing else like it. Maybe a few Penthouses she knew most men liked and Bob was no exception - but nothing more in the Bondage Bitches genre.

She looked at the cover again, and noticed another strange thing: there was no price on it. She checked the back cover, curious about the cost. Still nothing. It was probably one of those magazines they sold in a plastic wrapper. The price had been on the wrapper, of course, that was it.

She put the unpleasant magazine back into the pile of catalogues and pushed the cardboard box under the workbench - she had changed her mind about taking the catalogues back into the house. She pushed to box hard again so it hit the back wall.

And there was a clunk. What was that?

I don't want to know, she told herself. It was shadowy back there under the workbench, and there might be mice.



Darcy stood up and left the garage. That was when she heard the phone begin to ring.





CHAPTER THREE



She was back in the kitchen now, but she waited. If it was Bob, she didn't want to talk to him right this minute. He might hear something in her voice. He would call back in an hour again. In an hour, after her unpleasant discovery, she'd be fine, and they could have a pleasant conversation.

The answering machine recorded the message. It wasn't Bob, it was Donnie. She picked up the phone and said, "Sorry, I was coming back from the garage."

Donnie had good news. He and a friend had decided to open their own firm. Bob had been against this. But they had got the loan, and now had two big clients. Darcy was delighted. They talked for twenty minutes or so. Once during the conversation they were interrupted by the beep of another call.

"Do you want to get it?" Donnie asked.

"No, it's just your father. He's in Montpelier, Vermont, looking at a collection of coins. He'll call back."

"How's he doing?"

Fine, she thought. Developing new interests.

Eventually, she hung up, feeling good again. Smiling. But as she stood there, leaning against the counter, the smile faded.

A clunk.

There had been a clunk when she pushed the box of catalogues back under the workbench. Not a clatter, but a clunk. Like of something hollow.

I don't care.

But this was not true. The clunk was like an unfinished business. The cardboard box was, too. Were there other magazines like Bondage Bitches in there?

I don't want to know.

Right, right, but maybe she should find out, just the same. Because if there was just the one, she was right and it was just his curiosity. If there were more, that might still be all right - but maybe she should know.

Mostly... that clunk. It was on her mind more than the question about the magazines.



She took a flashlight and went back out to the garage.





CHAPTER FOUR



Darcy got down on her knees, pushed the box of catalogues to one side, and shone the light under the workbench. For a moment, she didn't understand what she was seeing: two lines of darkness, one bigger than the other. Then she understood: it was a hiding place.

Leave this alone, Darcy. It's his business, and for your own peace you should let it stay that way.

Good advice, but it was too late for it. She crawled under the workbench with the flashlight in her hand.

There was a board which she must've struck with the box, but that didn't explain the clunk. She pushed one end of the board. It turned, opening a hole. She thought she might discover more magazines, but there were no magazines. There was a little wooden box, and she was quite sure that it was the box that had made the clunking sound.

She pulled it out. It was the little oak box she had given to him at Christmas five years ago, maybe more. Or had it been for his birthday? She didn't remember, just that it had been a good present. Bob kept his numerous cufflinks in it. Darcy couldn't remember seeing the box lately. Of course, she couldn't. It was out here, in the hiding place under his workbench, and if she opened it, she wouldn't find cufflinks inside.

Don't look, then.

She opened the box.

Let it be empty. Please God, if you love me let it be empty.

But it wasn't. There were three plastic cards, bound with a rubber band. Darcy took off the band.

They weren't credit cards, which had been her first idea. The top one was a Red Cross blood donor's card belonging to someone named Marjorie Duvall, born January 6, 1974. Her type was A-positive, her region New England.

Who the hell was Marjorie Duvall? How did Bob know her? And why did the name sound familiar?

The next one was Marjorie Duvall's library card, and it had an address: 17 Honey Lane, South Gansett, New Hampshire.

The last piece of plastic was Marjorie Duvall's New Hampshire driver's license. She looked like an ordinary American woman in her mid-thirties, not very pretty. The address was the same as the one on the library card.

Suddenly, Darcy realized something. She had seen Marjorie Duvall's face in the newspaper. Also on the six o'clock news.

With shaking hands, she put the rubber band back around the ID cards, put them back in the box, then put the box back in his hiding place.

It's a mistake, it has to be, we've been married over half our lives, I'd know, I would know.

Does anybody really know anybody?

Before tonight, she certainly would've thought so.

The phone in the house started to ring again. It was him. It was Bob, calling from Vermont, and were she in the kitchen to take the call, she'd hear his voice (a voice she knew as well as her own) asking, Hey, honey, how are you?

The phone rang again... again... and then stopped. Now he would be leaving a message.

She closed the piece of board and pushed the box of catalogues back where it had been. He would never know. But was she sure of that? If he was what she was thinking, then he'd been careful for a long time. And he was very careful, supernaturally careful. Sly.

It was a word she had never thought of in connection to Bob until tonight.

"No," she told the garage. "No, he's not. It's a mistake. My husband is not Beadie."



She went back into the house.





CHAPTER FIVE



She decided to make tea. Tea was calming.

Darcy was making it when the phone began to ring again.

Calm, calm, she told herself. If he can keep a secret, so can I remember that there's a logical explanation for all this.

Oh, really?

She picked up the phone and said brightly, "If that's you, handsome, come here now. My husband's out of town."

Bob laughed. "Hey, honey, how are you?"

"Fine, fine. And you?"

There was a long silence.

"You sound funny," he said. "Is everything okay?"

She was terrified. Marjorie Duvall, she thought. Marjorie Duvall. A-positive. 17 Honey Lane.

"I was thinking about my sister," she heard herself say.

"Oh, baby," he said with the sympathy in his voice.

"Donnie called and asked about his sister. And I started thinking about mine."

"I see," he said. "Listen, maybe I could come back home earlier then."

She almost cried out No! But that would be the wrong thing to do.

"No, no, honey," she said. "It's okay. You've got business to do. I'm fine. Really."

That he had known that something was wrong with her was bad. That she needed to lie about what the trouble was - that was worse. She closed her eyes, trying to stay calm, and opened them again.

"I know, I know," he said.

Her sister's death wasn't why she'd fallen in love with Bob Anderson, but she admired his understanding. Brandolyn Madsen had been struck and killed by a drunk snowmobile driver while she was skiing. He drove away, leaving her body in the woods half a mile from the Madsen house. It was Darcy's father who found her body and carried it home. Darcy had been the first to see him.

Bob Anderson, Darcy had discovered, could understand her in a way many people could not. He had lost his best friend. The boy had run out into the road to grab a ball and had been struck by a truck.

"Stay in Vermont, Bobby. I love you for your understanding."

"Okay. But I'm going to call you tomorrow at seven- thirty."

She laughed. And why shouldn't she be really laughing? She loved him, and would give him the benefit of the doubt. You could not turn off love. Love ran from the heart, and the heart had its own rules.

"Love you, honey."

"Love you, too," she said, smiling.



Then she hung up, put her forehead against the wall, closed her eyes, and began crying before the smile could leave her face.





CHAPTER SIX



Her computer was in her room. She only used it for email and eBay, but now she opened Google and typed in Marjorie Duvall's name. She hesitated before adding Beadie to the search, but not long. It would come up anyway, she was sure of it. She hit Enter.

Google had given her more than five million results for her search, and when Darcy clicked on one of them, she saw the photograph she remembered from TV. The article had been published ten days before, and was the lead story. NEW HAMPSHIRE WOMAN MAY HAVE BEEN 'READ IE'S" 11th VICTIM, the headline said.

Marjorie Duvall looked much prettier in the newspaper picture. She had been found six miles from her house in South Gansett. The death had resulted from strangulation. The reporter's unnamed source said that Duvall had been molested "in a manner of the other Beadie killings."

Then the article described the previous murders. The first had been in 1977. There had been two in 1978, another in 1980, and then two more in 1981. Two of the murders had happened in New Hampshire, two in Massachusetts, the fifth and sixth in Vermont. After that, there hadn't been any murders for sixteen years. The police thought that one of three things had happened: Beadie had moved to another part of the country and was practicing his hobby there, Beadie had been arrested for some other crime and was in prison, or Beadie had killed himself. It was impossible for Beadie to get tired of it, one psychiatrist said. "It's their sport, their passion. More than that, it's their secret life."

Secret life.

Beadie's sixth victim of "the old cycle" had been found just a week before Christmas in 1981. The next year Bob Anderson had walked into her life with a smile on his face - Bob who had asked her out and wouldn't take no for an answer. They fell in love. And Beadie stopped for sixteen years.

Because of her? Because he loved her? Or just a coincidence. It could be that.

Beadie's seventh victim, the first of what the paper called "the new cycle," had been a woman from Waterville, Maine, named Stacey Moore. Her husband found her body in their cellar. August of 1997, this had been. She was naked, bitten in a dozen places.

Two days later, Stacey Moore's driver's license and Red Cross card, bound with a rubber band, had been sent to the local police station. There was a note: HELLO! I'M BACK! BEADIE!

This was a packet the detectives recognized at once. Similar IDs and similar notes had been received after each of the killings. He knew when they were alone. He tortured and molested them; he killed them; he sent their IDs to some police stations weeks or months later.

There had been another Beadie murder in 2004, the ninth and tenth in 2007. Those two were the worst, because one of the victims had been a child. The woman's ten-year-old son had walked in on Beadie while he was at work. The boy's body had been found with his mother's. When the woman's IDs arrived at a police station, the note read: HELLO! THE BOY WAS AN ACCIDENT! SORRY! BUT IT WAS QUICK, HE DID NOT SUFFER! BEADIE!

There were many other articles she could have read, but what for? The sweet dream of one more ordinary evening in an ordinary life had been taken by a nightmare. She started crying again.

What am I going to do?

The obvious thing was to call the police, but what if she did that and it all turned out to be a mistake? Bob had always been the most generous and forgiving of men. But would he forgive her if she mistakenly blamed him for eleven killings he hadn't committed? And the world would know. Guilty or innocent, his picture would be in the paper, on the front page, and hers, too. And it wouldn't be just the two of them: there were the kids to think about. Donnie's business and Petra's wedding plans.

Sitting at her computer, frozen, Darcy put a hand over her mouth. She got an idea of suicide, and for a few moments the idea seemed quite rational, the only solution. She could leave a note saying she'd done it. But what if she was wrong? What if Bob had just found those IDs by the side of the road or something?

Okay, what if she was right? Wouldn't her death free Bob to kill more because he no longer had to lead a double life? Did she really think she could let more women die a horrible death just so her daughter could have a nice wedding?

She thought: I wish I was dead.

But she wasn't.



For the first time in years, Darcy Madsen Anderson got on her knees and began to pray.





CHAPTER SEVEN



She had never kept a diary, but she had ten years of appointment books kept in the drawers. And all of Bob's travel records. As a tax accountant, he was careful with recordkeeping.

She placed his files beside her computer together with her appointment books. She opened Google again for the names and dates of death of Beadie's victims. Then, she began the work of crosschecking.

She would have given anything to find something that would've cleared him from even one of the murders, but her appointment books only made things worse. Kellie Gervais, Keene, New Hampshire, had been discovered in the woods on March fifteenth of 2004, dead for three to five days. March tenth to twelfth in Darcy's appointment book for 2004 was Bob's visit to Brattleboro - an easy drive from Keene, New Hampshire.

Helen Shaverstone and her son Robert had lived in Tassel Village and were found dead on November eleventh of 2007. Around this date Bob was in Saugus - not that far. And did she remember calling his Saugus motel on one of those nights and not getting him? Thinking that he was out late with some coin salesman, or maybe in the shower? She remembered that.

She turned to his travel records. She worked carefully and stopped often to double-check. The stuff from the late seventies was not much help, but everything from the eighties was there, and the correlations she found for the Beadie murders in 1980 and 1981 were clear. He had been traveling at the right times and in the right areas.

So what do I do now?

Around midnight she turned off her computer and climbed to the second floor. She took a shower, lay down, and looked at the night table on the other side of the bed. Bob's reading glasses. Bob's clock. She turned it around to face the wall.

You don't know that. Remember that you don't absolutely know that.

She lay there, wide awake, her mind going around and around, now thinking of the victims, now thinking of her children, now thinking of herself, even thinking of some long forgotten Bible story.

He won't be home until six tomorrow night, she thought. That gave her eighteen hours. Enough time to make some decision. It would help if she could sleep. The idea that she might never sleep again came to her. That was impossible, of course.



But then sleep took Darcy. She might have woken up when her husband pulled into the driveway, but she hadn't because Bob had turned off the headlights halfway down the block so as not to wake her.





CHAPTER EIGHT



"Wake up, Darcy. Wake up, honey. We have to talk."

The voice was soft. Bob's voice. Bob's hand on her cheek. Only it couldn't be him, because he was in Vermont.

She opened her eyes and he was there, all right, sitting beside her on the bed. He smiled.

"What are you doing here, Bobby?"

He looked down at his watch. "Quarter to three. I sat in my motel room for almost two hours after we talked, trying to convince myself that what I was thinking couldn't be true. Then I jumped in my car and hit the road. No traffic whatsoever. I don't know why I don't do more traveling at night. Maybe I will. If I'm not in prison, that is. But that's up to you. Isn't it?"

His hand on her face. The feel of it was familiar, even the smell of it was familiar, and she had always loved it. Now she didn't. She pushed his hand away and sat up. "What are you talking about?"

"Yes, you were sleeping with the light on. You never sleep with the light on, Darcy. You just forgot to turn it off, didn't you? Also, you turned my clock around so you wouldn't have to look at the time. You've been upset, and I'm the cause. I'm sorry, Darcy. You found my special hiding place in the garage."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Oh, you did a good job of putting things back where you found them, but I'm very careful about such things, and the strip of tape I put on above the board was broken. You didn't notice that, did you? Why would you? It's the kind of tape that's almost invisible. Also, the box inside was a bit to the left of where I put it - where I always put it."

"Bobby, I honestly don't know what it is that you're talking about. Maybe you've been working too hard."

"I guess I always knew this day would come."

"I haven't got any idea what you're talking about."

He sighed. "I'll tell you everything. I think that I've always wanted you to know."

He'd always wanted her to know? Dear God. There might be worse things waiting, but this was the most terrible thing so far.

"I don't want to know. Whatever it is, I don't want to know."

"I see something different in your eyes, honey, and I'm very good at reading women's eyes. I'm something of an expert. The question is: What Would Darcy Do? What Would Darcy Do if she found my special hiding place, and what's inside my special box. I've always loved that box, by the way, because you gave it to me. First, I asked myself if the name Marjorie Duvall would mean anything to you. I've lived with you long enough to know that you follow the main stories on TV and in the newspapers. I thought you'd know the name, and even if you didn't, I thought you'd recognize the picture on the driver's license. Besides, I said to myself, she will be curious as to why I have those ID cards? Women are always curious."

"Bob, I swear to you I don't have any idea what..."

"So the first thing I did when I came in was to check the history on your computer."

"You check my computer?" She knew, and he knew she did.

"Of course I check. I have a very bad friend who does very bad things. A man in a situation like that has to be careful with those closest to him. Since the kids left home, that's you and only you. You haven't just been checking on Marjorie Duvall. You've been checking on all of them."

Bad friend? A bad friend who does bad things?

She sat up. "What bad friend? What are you talking about?"

He looked at her. "Brian."

At first, she had no idea who he was talking about, and thought it must be someone from work.

"Brian Delahanty," he said. "Don't tell me you forgot Brian. I told you all about him after you told me about what happened to Brandolyn."

Her mouth opened. "Your friend from school? Bob, he's dead! He was hit by a truck, and he's dead."

"Well..." Bob hesitated. "Yes... and no. I almost always called him Brian when I talked about him to you, but that's not what I called him back in school, because he hated that name. I called him by his initials. I called him BD."

She started to ask him what that had to do with the case, but then she knew. Of course, she knew. BD.



Beadie.





CHAPTER NINE



He talked for a long time, and the longer he talked, the more horrified she became. All these years she'd been living with a madman, but how could she have known? He blamed BD for everything, but Darcy suspected that blaming Brian Delahanty only made it easier to keep his two lives separate.

It all had started at school, Bob said, and it all had been BD's ideas. "The thing you have to understand - that you really have to see - is how persuasive Brian was. He was much worse than me. He really was crazy."

The amazing thing was how he made it sound almost normal. Probably he believed that, just as he had believed in Brian Delahanty's escape. Or had he? How could she know? She was, after all, listening to the ideas of a lunatic. It was just hard to believe that the madman was Bob. Her Bob.

"Anyway," he said, "the summer Brian ran into the road and got killed there was a reception at his house after the funeral, and his mother said I could go up to his room and take something, if I wanted. As a souvenir, you know. And I did want to! I took his geometry notebook, with his crazy plans in it."

Bob laughed. "If I was a religious man, I'd say God saved me from myself. Fate has its own plan for us."

"And this Fate's plan was for you to kill women?" Darcy asked. She couldn't help herself.

He looked at her sadly. "It wasn't me. It was Beadie who did that stuff, and did it for a reason, Darcy. I say did instead of does because all of that's behind me now."

"Bob, your friend BD is dead. He's been dead for almost forty years. You must know that."

He shook his head. "Darcy, listen! It was Brian. He infected me with... well, certain ideas, let's say. Some ideas, once you get them in your head, you can't get rid of them. Brian was dead, but the ideas were alive. Those ideas - getting women, doing whatever to them, whatever crazy idea came into your head - they became his ghost. I won't go into the details. But you have to know I fought it. For seven years, I fought it, but Brian's ideas kept growing inside my head. Until finally I said to myself, 'I'll try it once, just to get it out of my head. To get him out of my head. If I get caught - at least I'll stop thinking about it.'"

"You're telling me it was a male curiosity," she said quietly. "Well, yes. I think you could say that."

"But it wasn't a curiosity, Bobby. It was taking a woman's life."

She wanted a glass of water, but she was afraid to get up and go into the bathroom. She was afraid he would stop her, and what would come after that? What then?

"Well," he continued, "I didn't think I'd get caught. Not if I was careful and made a plan. And I realized something else, too. I couldn't do it myself. Because I was one of the good guys. That's how I saw myself, and believe it or not, I still do. And I have the proof, don't I? A good home, a good wife, two beautiful children who are all grown up and starting their own lives. And I give back to the community."

"Then give Marjorie Duvall back her life. Or Stacey Moore. Or Robert Shaverstone."

"The boy was an accident."

"But you being there wasn't an accident?"

"It wasn't me," he said. "It was BD. It's always BD. It was his fault for putting those ideas in my head. I never would've thought of them on my own. I signed my notes to the police with his name just to make that clear."

She was impressed. No wonder he hadn't been caught. If she hadn't tripped over that box...

"None of the women had any relation to me or my businesses. That would be very bad. Very dangerous. But I travel a lot, and I keep my eyes open. BD does, too. We watch out for the bad ones. You can always tell. They wear short skirts and show their bra on purpose."

He was looking down at his hands.

"Always smiling! Red lipstick and always smiling! Well, I see smiles like that. Most men do. I could deal with it. But not BD, not him."

He shook his head slowly.

"There are lots of women like that. It's easy to get their names. Then you can find them on the Internet. There's a lot of information if you know how to look for it, and accountants know how. I've done that hundreds of times. You could call it a hobby. You could say I collect information as well as coins. Usually it's nothing. But sometimes BD will say, 'She's the one you want, Bobby. That one right there. We'll make the plan together, and when the time comes, you just let me do it.' And that's what I do."

He took her hand.

"You think I'm crazy. I can see it in your eyes. But I'm not, honey. It's BD who's crazy... or Beadie. I've only been questioned one time, years ago, as a witness, about two weeks after BD killed the Moore woman. An old guy with a limp, semi-retired. Told me to give him a call if I remembered anything. I said I would." He laughed.

"You want to know something, Darcy? If they caught me, I couldn't give them a confession. Because I don't remember much about the things. Beadie does them, not me."

Oh, you liar. You remember everything. It's in your eyes. "And now... everything's in your hands. You know that old line, the one that goes, 'I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you'? That doesn't work here. I could never kill you. Everything I do, everything I've done... I've done for you. For the kids too, of course, but mostly for you. You walked into my life, and do you know what happened?"

"You stopped," she said.

He smiled. "For over twenty years!"

Sixteen, she thought but didn't say.

"Thank you, honey. You saved me, you know. For a dozen years, BD never made a sound. I thought he was gone. I did. But then he came back. Like a ghost. He started pointing out women when I was traveling. When I started to have those thoughts, I fought them. There are magazines... I bought them before we got married, and I thought if I did that again... or some sites on the Internet... I thought I could substitute... but once you've tried the real thing, fantasy is nothing. But then I stopped. For all those years, I stopped. And I could stop again, Darcy. This time for good. If there's a chance for us. If you could forgive me." He looked at her. "Is it possible you could do that?"

She thought of all the dead women she had read about.

"I have to think about it," she said, very carefully.

"If you decide to go to the police, I won't stop you. But I know you've thought about what it would do to the kids. You wouldn't be the woman I married if you hadn't thought about that. And what would it do to you? Nobody would believe that you were married to me all these years and never knew... or at least suspected. You'd have to move away and..."

"Stop it! Don't talk about it when you talk about this!"

He nodded. "I beat BD once and I can beat him again. With your help, Darcy. With your help, I can do anything. Even if he were to come back in another twenty years, so what? I'd be seventy-three. Hard to go hunting when you're old!" He laughed at this image. "But if I were ever to do it again, even one single time, I'd kill myself. The kids would never know, they'd never have to be touched by that... because I'd make it look like an accident... but you'd know. And you'd know why. So what do you say? Can we put this behind us?"

What she thought was: What am I going to do? I can't fool him. We've been married too long.

"You have to promise to stop," she said, speaking very slowly.

His face filled with a relief. "I do, Darcy. I do. I do promise. I already told you."

"And we could never talk about this again."

"I see."

"You'll not send the Duvall woman's ID to the police." She saw the disappointment in his face when she said that. "I need more than promises, Bobby. Actions speak louder than words. Make a hole in the woods and bury that woman's ID cards in it."

"Okay. Thank you, Darcy. So much."



"I don't know what you're thanking me for." And then she made herself say the rest. "Now come to bed. We both need to get some sleep."





CHAPTER TEN



He fell asleep immediately, but Darcy lay awake, thinking that if she allowed herself to sleep, she would awake with his hands around her throat. She was in bed with a madman, after all.

But he meant it, she thought. He said he loved me, and he meant it. And when I said I'd keep his secret, he believed me. Why wouldn't he? I almost believed myself.

While she could never keep his secret for herself, wasn't it possible she could for the kids?

I can't. I won't. But what choice? What choice?

She fell asleep and dreamed of going into the dining room and finding a woman there. I don't know that woman, that woman is a stranger to me, she thought in her dream, and then the woman turned and asked in Petra's voice: "Mama, is that you?"



Darcy tried to scream, but sometimes in nightmares, you can't.





CHAPTER ELEVEN



When she finally was awake, the other half of the bed was empty. Bob had turned his clock back around, and she saw it was quarter past ten. After taking a shower, Darcy went downstairs to face her first day as the monster's wife.

He had left a note for her on the table in the kitchen.

Darcy,

I will take care of those documents, as you asked.

I love you, honey.

Bob

He had drawn a little Valentine heart around his name - a thing he hadn't done in years. She felt love for him and wanted to cry. Suddenly, she also felt time - all the time to come, as his wife in this house.



It felt like a coffin.





CHAPTER TWELVE



I know how bad you feel, but the sun will still come up tomorrow. And when it does, you'll feel better. When the sun comes up the day after tomorrow, a little better still. This is just a part of your life, and it's over. Life will go on.

And her life went on, after her trip out to the garage for batteries.

When Bob came home from work after her first long day at home, he said: "Honey, about last night..."

"Nothing happened last night. You came home early, that's all."

His face lit up with a large and grateful smile. "That's fine, then," he said. "Case closed?"

"Closed."

He opened his arms. "Give me a kiss, beautiful."

She did, wondering if he had kissed them.

He held her, his hands on her shoulders. "Still friends?"

"Still friends."

"Sure?"

"Yes. I didn't cook anything, and I don't want to go out. Why don't you order us a pizza?"



"All right."





CHAPTER THIRTEEN



The sun came up the next day. And the next. A week went by, then two, then a month. They lived their old way, the small habits of a long marriage. She brushed her teeth while he was in the shower. She went to her book club. A week after that, she returned to her knitting circle. Sometimes she would sing along with the radio when she came back from the post office or the grocery store. She and Bob watched TV at night - always comedies, never the crime shows. He came home early now; there had been no more road trips since the one to Montpelier. She watched the papers to see if Marjorie Duvall's ID showed up, knowing if he had lied about that, he would lie about everything. But it didn't. Once a week they went out to dinner at one of the restaurants. He ordered steak and she ordered fish. He drank iced tea and she had cranberry juice. Old habits died hard. Often, she thought, they don't die until we do.

In the daytime, while he was gone, she now rarely turned on the television. It was easier to think that way. Easier to face the truth: he would do it again. He would hold as long as he could, but sooner or later Beadie would be in control again. He wouldn't send the next woman's ID to the police, thinking that it might be enough to fool her. Because, he would think, she's a part of it now.

Donnie called from Ohio. The business was going great. Petra called to say they had decided on most of the wedding things. Darcy's mother got sick, and it looked like she might have to go into the hospital, but then they started her on some new medication and she got well. The sun came up and the sun went down. Then the Christmas was coming. The first snow appeared, right on schedule.

In her house, Darcy moved through the rooms, stopping to look into the mirrors, asking the woman inside that other world what she should do.



Maybe she should do nothing.





CHAPTER FOURTEEN



On an unusually warm day two weeks before Christmas, Bob came home in the middle of the afternoon, shouting her name. Darcy was upstairs, reading a book. She dropped the book and ran down the stairs. Her first thought was that it was finally over. He had been found out. The police would soon be here. They would take him away, then come back to ask her the two questions: what did she know, and when did she know it?

But there was no fear in his voice. Instead, there was excitement.

"You'll never believe it! The most amazing luck! Really! If I ever needed a sign that I'm on the right track again - this is it!" He held out his hands. They were closed into fists. His eyes were shining. "Which hand? Pick."

She pointed to his right hand.

He laughed. "You read my mind... but you always could, couldn't you?"

He turned his fist over and opened it. On his palm lay a single coin, a penny, very rare. Not new, of course, but still in great shape. She took it to have a closer look.

"Bobby! Where did you get it? Did you buy it?" A coin like that had recently sold at an auction in Miami for over eight thousand dollars, setting a new record. This one was worth at least four.

"God, no! I got a sandwich at Subway, and a waitress brought it back with the change! Isn't it great, honey?"

"Yes," she said. "I'm happy for you." And she really was. The great accidental find was a collector's most joyful moment. "What are you going to do with it, Bobby?"

"Well, I'm going to photo it, hang the photo on the wall, then put the penny in our safe. It's not about the quality, anyway. It's about the finding. Not getting it from a dealer or picking it out of a catalogue, but actually finding one when you don't expect it."

"I know." She smiled. "If my dad was here right now, he'd be opening a bottle of champagne."



"I'll take care of that little detail at dinner tonight," he said.





CHAPTER FIFTEEN



They had not just one bottle of very expensive champagne but two, and Bob drank most of it. As a result, it was Darcy who was driving them home, and Bob was singing. He was drunk, she realized, actually drunk. It was the first time she had seen him that way in ten years. Usually, he was careful with drinking. But tonight, excited by his discovery of the rare penny, he had allowed himself much more, and she knew what she was going to do as soon as he ordered that second bottle of champagne.



In the restaurant, she wasn't sure she could actually do it, but listening to him sing on the way home, she knew. Of course, she could do it. She was the monster's wife now, and the monster's wife knew that what he thought of, as his good luck had really been her own.





CHAPTER SIXTEEN



Inside the house, he pulled her into his arms for a long kiss. She could taste champagne on his breath. It was not a bad taste, but she knew if things happened as they might, she would never want to taste it again. She let him kiss her, but then pushed him away and smiled.

"I'm going upstairs to get out of this dress," she said. "There's more champagne in the refrigerator. If you bring me a glass, you might get lucky, mister."

"Yes, ma'am."

Going up the stairs, she thought: This will never work. You'll only get yourself killed. He may not think he can do it, but I think he can.

She went into the bedroom, but only to leave her purse on the table. Then she went out again and called, "Are you coming, Bobby? I really need that champagne!"

"On my way, ma'am, just a moment!"

And here he came out of the living room and into the hall, holding one of their good crystal glasses before him. He continued to hold the glass as he walked up the stairs.

"One glass of champagne for the lady, coming right..."

She saw the knowledge in his eyes at the last second. It was more than surprise; it was shocked fury. In that moment, her understanding of him was complete. He loved nothing, nobody. Every kindness was just camouflage. He was a shell. There was nothing inside but emptiness.

She pushed him.

It was a hard push and he fell and rolled, and turned. Something broke. He screamed in pain and finally landed on the hall floor. His head was twisted.

Darcy hurried down the stairs. She saw a huge knob on his neck and said: "Don't move, Bob, I think your neck is broken."

He was still alive, and his eyes looked at her. Blood was coming from his nose and mouth. A lot of blood. "You pushed me," he whispered. "Oh, Darcy, why did you push me?"

"I don't know," she said slowly, thinking we both know why.

She began to cry. Crying came naturally; he was her husband, and he was badly hurt. "Oh God, I don't know. Something came over me. I'm sorry. Don't move, I'll call 911 and tell them to send an ambulance."

She went into the kitchen and looked at the phone. "Hello? Hello? Is this 911?" She spoke into the air. "This is Darcellen Anderson, I'm calling from 24 Sugar Mill Lane! Have you got that?"

She was still crying. Crying was good. She needed to cry, and not just because it would look better for her later on. He was her husband, he was hurt, and she needed to cry. He brought her roses every year on her birthday. He never forgot. They had built a life together, and now that life was over, and she needed to cry.

"I need an ambulance, my husband fell down the stairs. I think his neck might be broken!"

After some time, she walked back into the hall.

"I didn't fall," Bob said, more blood coming out of his mouth. "You pushed me. Why did you push me?"

"I guess for the Shaverstone boy," she said. She was crying harder than ever.

He must've seen something in her eyes, understood what she meant to do, and began screaming... but not for long.

When it was over, she went back to the kitchen phone, still crying, and dialed 911. "Hello, my name is Darcellen Anderson, and I need an ambulance at 24 Sugar Mill Lane."

"Are you hurt, Mrs. Anderson?"

"Not me, my husband. He fell down the stairs. I think he's dead."

The dispatcher said she would send an ambulance immediately.



Darcy put on her coat and went outside to wait for the ambulance.





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



Darcy didn't know the policeman who took her statement, but she knew his wife Arlene through the knitting circle.

He talked to her in the kitchen while the emergency team examined Bob's body and then took it away, not knowing there was another corpse inside him. A person who had been much more dangerous than Robert Anderson.

At some point, the officer left his notebook open on the kitchen table for a moment. Darcy could see that so far he had written in it only her name, Bob's name, their address, and their telephone number. She took that as a good sign.

He came back and sat down. "Can you tell me what happened?"

She told him about Bob finding the rare penny in his change from Subway, and how excited he'd been. About their dinner, and how he'd drunk too much. How he'd come up the stairs holding the glass like a waiter. How he slipped.

The officer wrote something in his notebook, closed it, then looked at her. "Okay. I want you to come with me. Get your coat."

"What? Where?"

To jail, of course. Go directly to jail. Bob had got away with almost a dozen murders, and she hadn't even been able to get away with one. She didn't know where she made a mistake, but it would be something obvious. The officer would tell her on the way to the police station.

"Our house," he said. "You can stay with me and Arlene tonight."

She looked at him. "I don't... I can't..."

"You can," he said. "She'd kill me if I left you here by yourself."

She wiped tears from her face and smiled. "I have to make phone calls. My children... they don't know yet."

"I think you could call from our house."

"You're very kind."

"How long were you married, Mrs. Anderson?"

"Twenty-seven years," she said.

"Twenty-seven," he repeated. "God. I am so sorry."



"So am I," she said.





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



Robert Emory Anderson was buried two days later.

Donnie and Petra came to attend the funeral. Darcy was pleased to see that there were quite a lot of people - the people who didn't know the secret.

Soon this would be over, she thought. Everything had gone so well, although unplanned.

There had been no questions. Her story was simple, believable, and almost true. The most important part was that they had had a good and happy marriage, and there had been no arguments. Really, what was there to question?

The minister invited the family to step forward. They did.

"Rest in peace, Dad," Donnie said, and threw some earth into the grave.

"Daddy, I miss you so much," Petra said, and threw her own handful of earth.



Darcy came last. She took up a handful in her black glove and let it fall. She said nothing, but thought: God, if You're there, let this be the end.





CHAPTER NINETEEN



It wasn't.

Seven weeks or so after the funeral the doorbell of the house on Sugar Mill Lane rang. When Darcy opened the door, she saw an elderly gentleman in a black coat. His face was wrinkled and his hair was gray.

"Yes?" she said.

He put his hand in his pocket and took out an ID. "Holt Ramsey," he said calmly. "State Attorney General's Office. I'm sorry to disturb you, Mrs. Anderson. May I come in?"

"Please," she said and let him in. He walked with a little limp.

Suddenly, she remembered: Bob sitting beside her on the bed. Bob saying: I've only been questioned one time, as a witness, about two weeks after BD killed the Moore woman. An old guy with a limp, semi-retired.

And here that old guy was, standing a few steps from where Bob had died. From where she had killed him. Holt Ramsey looked old, but his eyes were sharp.

Be careful, she told herself. Be so careful of this one, Darcellen. "How can I help you, Mr. Ramsey?"

"Well, I could use a cup of coffee, please. I'm awfully cold. I've got an old car, and the heater doesn't work..."

"Of course, but could I see your ID again?"

He gave her the ID, and she studied it.

"This stamp... does that mean you're retired?"

"Yes and no."

I think you're not, not at all.

"Let me take your coat."

"I think I'll wear it. Won't be staying that long."

Leading him into the kitchen, she asked him how old he was.

"Seventy-eight in May. If I make it. I always add that for good luck. It's worked so far. What a nice kitchen you have, Mrs. Anderson. My wife would've liked it. She died four years ago. It was a heart attack. How I miss her. The way you must miss your husband, I imagine."

His eyes searched her face.

He knows. I don't know how, but he does.

She turned on the coffee machine and asked, "How may I help you today, Mr. Ramsey? Or is it Detective Ramsey?"

He laughed. "Oh, you can call me Holt. And it was really your husband I wanted to talk to, you know, but of course he's passed away, and so that's out of the question. But I tell you what: an old man like me sometimes gets bored with just the TV for company, and so I thought I'd drive here and ask a few little questions. She won't be able to answer many of them, I said to myself, maybe not any of them, but why not go anyway?"

"The coffee will be ready in a minute," she said. She was afraid of this old man. "Perhaps now you can tell me what you wanted to talk about with my husband."

"Well, you won't believe this, Mrs. Anderson..."

"Call me Darcy, please." She gave Ramsey a cup of coffee and looked at him. Suddenly, it was like being married again - a long marriage, in many ways a good marriage. She knew that he knew, and he knew that she knew that he knew. The only real question here was what he was going to do about what he knew. What could he do? "What did you want to ask my husband, Holt?"

"Well, I already talked to him once, but I'm not sure he'd remember if he was still alive. A long time ago that was."

She gave him a smile.

"You probably know about the Beadie murders," he said. "The man who kills women and then sends their ID to the police?"

"Right. I happened to work on the case a little. I wasn't retired then. They sent me to work on my own, you know, because I've always had a nose for this kind of work, Darcy, and never really lost it. This was in the fall of 1997, not too long after a woman named Stacey Moore was killed."

"I'm sorry, I don't remember," Darcy said.

"Anyway, I talked to her friends, her relatives, her neighbors, and the people she worked with. I was interested in her regular customers. Her regular male customers."

"Of course you were," she agreed.

"One of them was a presentable man in his forties. He came in every three or four weeks. This man was your late husband..."

"Did she flirt with him? Is that what you wanted to say? She wouldn't be the first waitress to flirt with a man on the road, even if the man had a wedding ring on his finger."

"No, not exactly. According to what they told me - it was him who flirted with her. And she didn't like it much. She said the guy was strange."

"That doesn't sound like my husband."

"No, but a wife doesn't always know what a husband does on the road, although she may think she does. Anyway, one of the waitresses told me that this man drove a certain Toyota. She knew because she had one just like it. And you know what? Some of the Moore woman's neighbors had seen a Toyota like that in the area just days before the woman was murdered."

"But not on the day?"

"No, but of course a man as careful as this Beadie wouldn't do a thing like that, right?"

"I suppose."

"Well, I had a description and I searched the area around the restaurant. Then I happened to stop at a coins place in town, and the owner there recognized the description. I was able to confirm a Toyota at or near the scene of two of the earlier murders - what we call Beadie's old cycle. But after the Moore murder - and after I talked to him - your husband got himself a Suburban. That was in 2004, not long before Andrea Honeycutt was murdered. A Suburban of that kind was seen quite often in Mrs. Honeycutt's neighborhood during the month or so before she was murdered. But here's the funny thing: I found one witness who said that Suburban had a Vermont license plate, and another said that it had a New York license plate."

"Bob's had Maine plates," Darcy said. "As you probably know."

"Of course, but plates can be stolen, you know."

"What about the Shaverstone murders, Holt? Was a Suburban seen in that neighborhood, too?"

"I see that you know about the Beadie case a little more than most people do. But the answer is no," Ramsey paused, "although a Suburban was seen near the place where the bodies were found." He smiled, and his cold eyes studied her.

She sighed.

"This Beadie sent us notes with his victims' IDs. Perhaps a part of him wanted to be caught."

"Perhaps," Darcy said, although she doubted it.

"The notes were written in block letters. People who do that think that such writing can't be identified, but it can. Do you have any of your husband's files?"

"I don't, but I'm sure the firm has samples. Accountants never throw anything away."

He sighed. "Well, they'll ask for a court order, and to get one I'd have to show probable cause, which I don't have. All I've got is a number of coincidences. So I came to you, Darcy." She said nothing.

He leaned forward. "Darcy, was your husband Beadie?" She looked at him.

"For a long time you never knew, did you?"

She said nothing. Only looked at him, looked into him, the way you looked into people you knew well.

"And then you did? One day you did? I imagine that a woman who found out what her husband really was would be in a difficult situation," Ramsey said.

"Yes, I imagine she would be," Darcy said.

"Who'd believe she could live with a man all those years and never know what he was?"

There were tears in her eyes now.

"And your kids. They'd suffer when the world found out that their father was a serial killer of women and that their mother had been covering up for him. Maybe even helping him... But ask yourself this: what would a woman in a difficult situation like that do?"

"What would you do, Holt?"

"I don't know."

"I'm sorry," she whispered. "I am so, so sorry."

He took her hand. "I didn't mean to upset you. But I saw it all. I saw it as soon as you opened the door." He paused. "I saw everything."

"And what do you see now?"

He got up. "I see a brave woman who should be left alone. Thanks for the coffee. You make a good cup."

"Thank you for coming to visit," Darcy said, walking him to the door. "Will I see you again?"

"No. I'm done. Full retirement now. I'm going to Florida. But I won't be there long, according to my doctor."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

He suddenly held her in his arms and whispered in her ear, "You did the right thing."



And kissed her cheek.





CHAPTER TWENTY



He walked slowly and carefully down the path. An old man's walk. Darcy called his name, and he turned back.

"When my husband was a boy, he had a friend who was killed in an accident."

"Really?"

"Yes," Darcy said. "You could check what happened. It was very tragic, although he wasn't a very nice boy, according to my husband."

"No?"

"No. He was a boy with dangerous fantasies. His name was Brian Delahanty, but when they were kids, Bob called him BD."

Ramsey stood by his car for several seconds, thinking. Then he nodded. "That's very interesting. I might look at the stories about it on my computer. Or maybe not; it was all a long time ago. Thank you for the coffee."

"Thank you for the conversation."

She stood watching him drive down the street until he was gone.


Hero Wanted



"I am not a bad man," Lord Robert, the King's Sculptor said.

The Lord High Sculptor's companion, who was altogether unremarkable, nodded his head, not in agreement, but to convince the artist to get to the point. Give him a King or a merchant who would just say 'Go and kill so and so.'

"The King wants another statue for the Garden of Heroes," the sculptor said. "There are eight figures on the north side, and only seven on the south," Bob nodded again. "There are only fifteen great heroes in our tradition. We need to create a new hero."

"Why do you need me to make up a hero?"

"No, no, no. It must be an authentic hero. That is where you come in. You need to start a war. Not a big war, I don't want too much trouble, but enough of a conflict to allow someone to rise to the occasion. Go look at the Garden and you will see what I need."

Bob made his escape and visited the Garden of Heroes. He thought of himself as a hardened killer, but those statues turned his stomach. Each of the fifteen heroes was shown dying in extreme agony. One was being torn apart by huge wolves, another was filled with countless arrows. The worst part was that Bob began to see how he could accomplish the task.



***



The war with the trolls began through a series of tragic misunderstandings. A hunting party found itself on troll territory. It wouldn't have been so bad if the trolls hadn't taken all the horses to eat, or if the King's nephew hadn't been breaking in his favourite horse.

That incident might have been forgotten, if a party of trolls hadn't missed the boundary stones and wandered into the kingdom. Unfortunately, they bumped into the nephew who decided to find out whether trolls truly turned to stone in sunlight. They do.

Things went downhill from there.



***



Bob sat polishing his commander's boots. He was annoyed, so he was smiling. The war was rolling along, but in spite of all his maneuvering no heroes had risen to the occasion. Several soldiers had died, but none gruesomely enough or at an important enough point in the conflict. All Bob's efforts to push this new commander into heroics had failed. Lord Robert was getting impatient.

It was time for another move.



***



Bob cursed his stupidity. A border war was bad enough, but this was an all-out invasion. He sent a scout to warn the army, but it would be daylight before they arrived. Only one hope remained. There was stone bridge across a gorge that his squad might be able to hold. Killer he might be, but he didn't want to be ruled by trolls.

They refused to meet the strong but ungainly trolls head on. They tripped them and tangled their feet with rope. Bob and his crew fought through the night backing up inch by inch. One by one they fell. Finally, only Bob remained. In the gray dawn, he fell. As a troll roared in triumph and went to stomp on him, the sun rose. Petrified troll blocked the bridge.



***



The commander came to the Lord High Sculptor.

"Bob was a great hero, but he asked me to tell you he plans to die of old age in bed. I didn't understand until he explained everything."

Lord Robert paled as soldiers pulled up a troll frozen in mid stomp.

"The King thought the empty place could be filled with an object lesson."





Straw into Gold



Fiona lived with her parents in their little croft at the edge of a marsh. Every morning she'd comb out the wool from their sheep. Every afternoon she'd spin the wool into thread. Every evening she'd weave the threads into good wool cloth.

One day the Laird came riding up to the gate.

"Hello," the Laird called out. "I am looking for a good wool cloak." Fiona came out from her work and brought cool water from the well.

"I am sure Fiona will weave her best for you." Her father smiled and shooed her back into the croft. "She can weave gold from straw."

Well, the Laird's ears perked up. He had money needs of his own to be sure.

"I do need a new cloak, but I need gold even more." The Laird stood. "Bring her by the castle and we will see." He fixed Fiona's father with a fierce glare. "Do not disappoint me, or it will be worse for you."

When Fiona's father told her what he had done, she wept bitterly, but they were caught. In the morning, she walked down the road with eyes dry and mind working furiously. To get to the Laird's castle they had to pass by the black marsh. At lunch, she sat by the dark water.

"Foolish, foolish, foolish," she muttered. "Who would dream of weaving gold from straw?"

"Not so hard if you know the trick," a voice said from the water. Fiona started and looked around, but saw only rocks, trees, and her sleeping father.

"Would it be a trick that you could teach me?" asked the girl.

"For a price," said the voice. "It is an easy enough thing. Go on to the Laird's castle and I will come to you there."

Fiona continued to the Laird's castle. She arrived in the evening, and was shown into a cold room with a hard mat on the floor. In the morning, a servant came and took Fiona to a room filled with straw. The Laird waited for her at the door.

"If you can weave this into gold, well and good. If not..." he shrugged and left, locking the door behind him.

Fiona looked at the room and felt her heart sink. It just wasn't possible.

"Foolish, foolish, foolish," she muttered. "If you are here, I could use your help."

"Close your eyes," the voice said. She closed them tight, and a gentle hand led her to a chair. "Take the comb, and comb at the straw, but see in your mind the finest wool. But you must keep your eyes closed the whole day."

"What is the price for your help?" Fiona asked.

"The merest trifle," whispered the voice. "Just a kiss."

Fiona tilted her head up and felt the brush of lips across her own.

All day she combed the straw as if it were the finest wool with her eyes tight closed. Just as the light faded, the voice whispered.

"Open your eyes." The room was filled with the finest wool all combed and cleaned.

"Where is the gold?" the Laird demanded, his eyes dark.

"You see wool where you had straw," Fiona said. "Can you not be content?"

A servant took her back to a chamber with a fire and soft mattress.

The next morning, she was taken back to the room.

"Today I want to see gold." the Laird pushed into the room and slammed the door.

"Foolish, foolish, foolish," Fiona whispered. "If you are here I could use your help."

Once again the voice instructed her and led her with eyes shut to the chair. Once again the hand was gentle and the kiss a mere brush of lips. Again, Fiona worked, eyes closed, spinning the wool into thread. And again, as the last wool came off the wheel, the Laird burst into the room.

"Where is the gold?"

"You see thread where you had straw. Can you not be content?"



"If I see gold tomorrow," the Laird said, "I will marry you."



The servant led her to a fine suite with a bath and meal laid out. Yet Fiona lay awake all night. In the morning when she was brought to the room, she walked to the chair and began weaving at the loom. All day with her eyes open she weaved thread into good wool cloth. Just as the last light was leaving the room, she closed her eyes and whispered.

"If you are here, I would speak with you."

"I am here," whispered the voice.

"What happens if I open my eyes?" Fiona asked.

"Then I must leave you forever," the voice whispered.

"Then I will keep my eyes closed, but I want to go with you."

"Do you not want to marry the Laird?"

"I would rather a gentle hand and loving kiss."

The gentle hand led her out of the room, out of the castle to the edge of the marsh.

"Kiss me," the voice said.

She kissed him, with lips and heart together.

"You may open your eyes."

She saw a figure before her, not quite a man, not quite anything else.

"What do I call you?" Fiona asked.

"I am the Glothogach."

"Then I will be the Glothogach's wife," Fiona took his hand.

"What of the Laird?" the Glothogach asked.

"If he can't make gold out of good wool cloth, he isn't much of a Laird."





Red Hat



The small group huddled around their tiny campfire. Though the rain had stopped the temperature plummeted. Dwarves are a hardy bunch, but the combination of cold damp weather and lack of success prospecting for new ores made these ones as miserable and short tempered as any thin blooded human.

"We're going to be out of wood before the night is out," the one with the longest beard said. "Red Hat, go and fetch some more."

"Oh sure, I would love to haul myself back down the mountain to pick up a few sticks, then climb back up in the dark. I told you to put some in your packs, but no, you're too high and mighty to carry firewood." The red hatted dwarf pulled his hat tighter about his ears and hunched closer to the fire.



"You're a dwarf, you can see in the dark," another dwarf nudged him ungently with her foot. "You're wearing the red hat; you go get firewood."



"You didn't tell me that when you gave me the hat," the hat wearer grumbled. "You just said it would keep me warm."

"Well, you'll be warm enough going down the mountain," one of the other dwarves said. "We all took our turns wearing the red hat."

Muttering under his breath the youngest dwarf stood up and started back along the path. He had got as far as the rock face with the odd vein running through it when a loud crack startled him. He peered around hoping it was a stick that he had dropped. All he saw were flakes of rock on the path. There was another crack and a flake fell to the ground in front of him. He looked up the rock face to see where it had come from.

"Hey," he yelled. "Come look at this."

"Wood, Red Hat," The other dwarves yelled. "Go get some."

"No, there's a hand coming out of the rock." The dwarves around the fire made derisive noises.

He stumped back to the fire and grabbed the only remaining long piece of burning wood. The others tried to grab him but he ran back to the rock-face.

"See look, in that black vein." He waved his makeshift torch. The others crowded around him, the cold forgotten.

"It's moving."



The hand was as large as their heads, and it opened and closed, twisted and contorted. Each time it moved, more rock would fall to the ground. Gradually it became clear of the rock. They watched as huge rough fingers gripped the rock and strained as if to pull the rock back in. But it wasn't pulling rock in, it was pulling something out. Soon they could see a thick wrist then a forearm. Each time it pulled it had a longer reach. Soon the arm up to the elbow stuck out of the rock. It bent and they could see sinews bunch and move in effort. The rest of the arm and a shoulder appeared. Another massive heave and a rock the size of Red Hat popped out of the vein. It shook itself and roared.



"Oh slag heaps," one of the dwarves moaned. "It's a troll."

The troll rolled its head on its shoulders while flakes of rock fell from its face. Its eyes opened and it saw the dwarves. Quicker than they thought possible it snatched at the group. They jumped back stumbling over each other. The troll's hand waved a dwarf's red hat about.

"Great, now my ears are cold." He darted forward and waved the torch in the troll's face, but with a huge crack the other arm popped out of the rock and almost captured the young dwarf. With a squeak, he scuttled away. Head and shoulders free, the troll began to heave the rest of itself out of the rock.



"It is time we were going," the oldest dwarf said. "We don't want to be here when it gets clear of that cliff." The others looked at him and jogged back to the remains of their fire. In minutes, they had packed up their gear and headed along the trail back down the mountain. The troll's arm snaked out and grabbed Red Hat's backpack. He wormed out of it just before the troll pulled him back to the rock. His companions pulled him out of the way before the other hand could grab him. They headed the other way up the trail.



Red Hat was in the back trying to keep up with a twisted ankle. The troll would pull the rest of itself free of the rock. Then, hungry from its efforts, the troll would chase after the dwarves to crush them and eat them. Maybe if he slowed down it would give the others time to get away.

"Keep up. I haven't lost a Red Hat yet, and I won't start tonight." The oldest dwarf passed his mountain stick back to the young dwarf.

"Here, this way," called the lead dwarf. "Careful though." They crept out across a snowfield. By now the troll was close behind them, but its much greater weight caused the snow to give way and with a final roar it disappeared down the mountain.

"When I was Red hat," the oldest dwarf said, "I put a dragon's egg on the fire"

Huddled together, the dwarves told stories 'till dawn.





Swan Brothers



If my Da had any fault it was he boasted too much about his sons. My brothers were kind when they thought of it, but mostly they never noticed me.

One day a Queen came to see these fine lads. As fair and chill as diamonds she was. I met her at the door. I who was never a part of my Da's boasting, being but a daughter.

The Queen walked into our hut and looked at each of my brothers straight in the eye, and each, from oldest to youngest dropped their gaze before her.

I offered her tea and sat her at our rough table. Seeing our visitor well seated, and likely well drowned by my chatter, my brothers went back to what they do best. That is to talk about what they would do when the world was right and they were rich as kings.



I saw the first storm cloud cross the fair brow of that Queen. She wasn't pleased to be left to a chattering girl while the men ignored her. Queens aren't used to being ignored.



She stood up abruptly and set the dishes to clattering. I saw the storm darken and lightening ready to strike.

"Please, O Queen," I begged, "Don't hurt them."

"These are your sons?" she asked my father in her cold voice. "I don't see much to boast of." My seven brothers looked up, only now aware of their danger, but all too late. She waved her hand at them and they fell to the ground. Feathers covered them. Before I could take a breath, they had been changed into swans. In a rush my brothers flew out the door leaving only my Da with his mouth hanging open, the Queen with darkness still flashing from her eyes, and seven white feathers lying by the hearth.

"What have I done?" my father moaned as he threw himself at her feet.

"You have been foolish, as only mortal men can be foolish," replied the Queen. "Now only one thing may repair your boasting." She looked at me.



My father stared at me then at the Queen.



"Her?"

"Her."

The Queen came over and took me by the chin and looked deep into my eyes, indeed into my very soul.

"If Meg here stays silent for seven years, she might restore her brothers. She must sew each of them a shirt from the nettles that grow upon the hills." She looked at me again. "You must pick the nettles, spin the thread, and weave the cloth with your own hands. Not a whisper or a sigh may pass your lips."

I opened my mouth, then closed it again. She nodded at me and touched my lips with a finger, then vanished.

I once woke with words already on my lips, and fell asleep with my sentence unfinished. Now a rock was not more silent than I. My Da would rise in the morning and look at me, then lie himself back down again. He took himself off to join Ma in heaven before the end of the first year.



I wandered the hills to gather nettles. I bit my lips against letting a whimper out as they stung. My hands were soon red and swollen. In the evenings, I would pound the bitter stalks until they split and I could spin thread from them. The thread I tied on a loom my Ma had left me and wove into cloth. That was my life for six years.



In the seventh year, a young man came to our village. He was near as quiet as I had become, helping neighbour and friend. Of course, he came to see me. I was the village boast now. Mad Meg, who hadn't made a sound in six years. They made a game of it, trying to trick me into speech. All failed.



Bran came to watch me weave. He talked softly of his day, while I sent the shuttle flying back and forth on the loom. I was working on the cloth for the last shirt - for my little brother. So the days passed, and Bran fell in love with Mad Meg, and I with him. He poured his heart out to me begging for a word of love. I stayed silent, and the day before seven years was done, he walked out of my house. Seeing his back disappear down the road I came closest to breaking my silence. Still, I let my heart break in silence.



At last the morning it waited for came, and I took the shirts and the feathers outside to wait. Seven swans came with the smallest a bit behind. I cast the shirts over their heads. As each one returned to himself, he would look at me and shake his head, then go into the house.

The last one, the shirt was too small. I had forgotten how even little brothers grow. I left him with one arm and one wing. I crumpled and wept silent tears into the dust. My brother lifted me up.

"Thank you, Meg," he whispered. "I saw a man with sad eyes on the road." He pointed with his wing. "I am thinking you need him more than we need you."

I gave him a hug and ran off away to find my love.

My first words would be his.





Albert



Once upon a time there lived a frog named Albert. Albert was quite content as a frog. He had his lily pad, his friends and a wonderful voice. Everybody knows that frogs are great singers, but Albert's voice was something special. Whenever he sang the whole pond would stop and listen to him sing. Albert sang about the moon shining on the pond at night, about sleeping warm in the mud through the winter and about bathing in the warm light of the sun. It was in fact, Albert's voice that got him into trouble.



In a castle, up on a hill, overlooking Albert's pond, lived a King and his family. The royal family lived content, with the exception of the youngest daughter whose name was Sue. Where princesses were supposed to be graceful and composed, Sue was somewhat ungainly and terribly shy. Somehow she never acted quite like a princess should. Her brothers and sisters taunted her unmercifully. Even the servants in the castle teased her.



One spring evening when the air was especially still she stood on the balcony of her room listening to the sounds of the spring night. Since her room overlooked the pond, she of course heard Albert singing.

"Even a frog has something special that makes him sing so beautifully," she sighed and leaned her head against the cool glass. "I wish I knew what that frog is singing about so wonderfully." She shook her head. "What nonsense I am thinking tonight to envy a frog his voice." She turned to go into her room. Just as she was closing the doors behind her she heard a beautiful bass voice singing of the joy of spring under the first star of the night. Transfixed the princess stood and listened to the velvety voice.

"O dear me, you will catch your death of cold."

Sue jumped and turned to her nurse.



"You startled me." She closed the doors and came into the room. She stretched and gave a tremendous yawn. "I'm so tired."



"Such a yawn for a princess." Her nurse clucked and helped her change for sleep. "It isn't at all becoming."

Sue blushed and climbed into her bed. When the light was out and she was alone, Sue lay awake and stared at the ceiling.

"Why do I need a nurse anyway? I've grown far beyond the age I need a nurse." Still grumbling she drifted off to sleep.

The next morning did not begin well. First, Sue was late for breakfast. Her mother glared as Sue hurriedly slid into her seat and sent the juice glasses to slopping over onto the white tablecloth.

"Oh, I am sorry, I slept late." Sue mopped at the juice with her napkin.

"My dear, you are a princess," the Queen said, "you must be punctual. If you cannot be on time, don't make excuses, and certainly don't rush about out of breath."



After breakfast the princesses gathered to work on their needle point. Sue stabbed herself, and bled so badly that she ruined three months of painstaking work. Her finger bandaged, she was sent outside to amuse herself until lunch, with the order to stay out of the mud, and her sisters' demure titters ringing in her ears.



What use is it to be a princess if I can't be a happy princess? Gradually the warm sun began to cheer her up. Then she heard the wonderful voice from the night singing. Following the voice until she reached the pond Sue saw a large green frog sitting on a stump. She squealed and jumped back. The frog jumped into the pond. The ball which the princess dropped, rolled into the pond.



"How am I going to get my ball back without getting covered with mud?" the princess wailed. "Oh, why can't I do anything right?"



***



Albert looked carefully out from under the water. The girl sat on the grass crying bitterly. He had often seen the princesses playing near his pond and felt sorry for the youngest princess. He liked her best because she was the only one who ever seemed to appreciate his pond. On an impulse, he dived down into the water and with a great effort pushed the ball to the surface and rolled it to the princess. Sue looked at him in astonishment.



"Thank you, oh, thank you." She grabbed the ball and laughed. "They will never believe this in the castle." Albert was so pleased with himself that he swelled up with song. Sue's eyes bulged and she almost dropped her ball again.

"It was you singing last night," she gasped in astonishment. "You must be a prince under enchantment. No frog could sing so beautifully." The princess looked around. "I will take you home and break your enchantment. Then we can be friends." She quickly caught Albert and ran home to hide him in her room.

Albert was devastated. This place was cold and hard, and worst of all it was dry. There not a decent bit of water or mud to be found. He missed the sun and the familiar murk of his pond. As the day turned into evening his loneliness became so great that he began to sing.

It was a terribly mournful song, and as Sue came into her room and heard it, it caught at her heart.

"It must be terrible to be a prince, and have to live as a frog." She picked Albert up and hugged him. Albert was so sad that he kept singing his unhappy song. "Frog," Sue said between her sobs, "you are so unhappy. I wish I could make you a prince." And she kissed him.

"Who is that man?" the King thundered from the doorway. Sue didn't answer, for she was staring at Albert in amazement. Albert had turned from a frog into a man.

"Why are you in my daughter's bedroom?" the King roared at Albert, but Albert didn't answer either he was looking at himself in amazement.

"Why frog, you are a prince," Sue squeaked.

"Hardly a prince if he appears like that in a princess's bedroom," the King bellowed, since, being a frog, Albert had no clothes.



The King and Queen were up all night discussing what they were going to do. They finally decided that the only way to avoid a scandal was for Albert and Sue to get married, immediately, so they planned the wedding for the next week.



Albert found the change to palace life very difficult. He wasn't sure how to eat with knife and fork. Clothes were strange and uncomfortable. But most of all he missed being a frog and singing in his beloved pond all day. The only thing that made it at all bearable was the princess. She taught him how to eat with utensils and helped him choose the most comfortable clothes. She even stood up for him when he chose his entire wardrobe in green. But each evening Albert would slip out of the castle and go down to the pond. There he would sit in the light of the moon and sing. They were sad songs, and Sue listening on her balcony would determine to try even harder to make her prince happy.

One day while Albert and Sue sat in the sunny courtyard escaping from the wedding plans for a brief time, Sue's nurse came out to bustle Sue back into the castle.



"I'm about to be married. I don't need a nurse," Sue yelled in rebellion. "Go away, and don't bother me anymore." The old woman looked at Sue then slowly and silently left.



"Why did you yell at her so?" Albert asked. "Surely she is only trying to help."

"She's been my nurse longer than I can remember. But I don't need a nurse anymore, and I don't like being fussed over."

"If you don't need a nurse, maybe she needs you." Sue looked at him quizzically.

"Why should she need me? I'd think that she would be glad to do something else for a change."

"What?" Albert asked reasonably. "She has always been Nurse."

"I don't know. That's her problem anyway," Sue grumped.

"You are her princess. I think that makes it your problem," Albert pointed out. "You should give her something else to do if you want her to stop bothering you."

Sue looked at him for a moment.



"I hadn't thought of that." She jumped up. "I'm going to go and talk to her."



"What are you going to ask her to do?" asked the frog prince.

"To be the nurse for our children!" Sue laughed, and ran off to find Nurse. Albert sighed and wandered down to the pond. He thought wistfully of his old uncomplicated life as a frog.

Yet as the days before the wedding shortened, Albert's common sense made itself felt. Even the King found himself discussing difficult problems with his guest. The Queen went so far as to admit one night while she and the King worked over the proclamation for the wedding that Albert might make quite a suitable match.

"By the way dear, have you found out exactly who Albert is?" she asked. "We really can't have a proclamation reading 'Today the Princess Susan Aurelia Constance Esther marries Albert.' We need to know a little more about his background."

"Quite right, you should ask Sue in the morning."



The next morning, the day before the wedding, Sue walked down the stairs to breakfast.



"Good morning." She smiled, and glided into her place.

"Good morning Sue." The Queen nodded. "Your father found a minor detail that needs to be cleared up. We need to know Albert's full name and a little more about him for the proclamation."

"I have been so busy that I never thought to ask him." Sue said. "I will ask him today."

Out in the courtyard, which had become their favourite place, Sue found Albert. He was staring moodily through the gate down toward his old pond.

"Albert, my mother asked me what your other names are."

"Other names? I only have one name."

"But Princes always have lots of names. Like me, I have four."

"I like Sue best," Albert said with a smile.

"But you are a Prince, you must have other names."



"No," Albert sighed "I have no other names. I am not a Prince." Susan stared at him, then laughed.



"You must be a Prince. Why would anyone enchant somebody who wasn't a Prince?"

"You did, Sue," Albert said looking at her with an expression she couldn't quite fathom.

"Oh Albert." Sue blushed.

"But you did Sue. You turned me into a Prince."

"And if I turned you into a Prince, what were you before?" She demanded.

"A frog. I'm a frog, Sue. I was never a prince until I met you."

"You're not an enchanted Prince?" Sue's face turned red. "You let me think you were a Prince all this time, and all the time you were just a frog? What am I going to tell my father? That I'm marrying a frog?" Sue stood now, screeching at him.

Albert flinched with each question.

"You creature. You abominable creature. I hate you." The princess turned and fled from the courtyard.



Albert sat for a long while, then slowly he stood and walked down to the pond, a sad, shrinking figure in green.



***



The Princess locked herself in her bedroom. She refused to talk to anyone. Other than to tell her father through the door that the wedding was off; that everything had been a terrible mistake. She closed the window then wept on her bed for three days.

Finally, she got up and washed her face. Squaring her shoulders, she unlocked the door and went down to breakfast. Her family greeted her with a wary silence. The Queen gave her an approving nod.

Things returned almost to normal. As the weeks passed, Sue floated quietly through life, her face cold and pale. She rapidly lost weight. One morning she no longer had the strength to get up.



The King and Queen worried about her. They begged their daughter to tell them what was making her so unhappy. But Sue simply stared out the window and said nothing. The old nurse came to the princess's room to be by her side. She bustled about cleaning and tidying, opening the window to let the fresh summer air in. The day passed and as the evening came Sue heard a voice singing outside her window. It sang of the summer night, and the sorrow of a love lost. It sang of the moon shining on the pond and of a beautiful princess named Sue. It sang of enchantment and a broken heart.



"Albert," the princess whispered. She stood and staggered to the window. "Albert."



His deep, sad voice soared through the night, telling of the joy and sorrow of his love.



Sue sat on the balcony and listened to the song through the night. In the grey of the early morning she slipped out of the castle. Walking slowly but with iron determination she made her way down to the pond.

"Albert," she called into the silver mists. "Albert, I'm sorry. I love you." The effort of walking overcame the weakened princess and she fainted beside the pond. There Albert, once again a frog, found her.



"My poor Sue," Albert said as he kissed her. "I wish I could make you happy."



The rising sun shone gold on two happy frogs as, hand in hand, they hopped into the pond.





Jacks



Queen Gillian sat at the oak table in her council chamber and played at jacks while her advisors argued amongst themselves. She was young to be Queen - not yet a decade, but her father had died in the same plague that had devastated the male population of her kingdom.

"I say that we muster our troops and meet them at the border. We will push them into the river or die trying."

"We don't have enough men to hold the border. We must pull back and prepare the castle for a siege."

Jill finished her eightsies and put the jacks and the ball away.

"We have lost enough men to the plague," the young Queen said. "We will not throw any more lives away. This is what we will do."



***



Prince Johan rode at the head of his army of unwanted extra sons from his land.



"General, send a reminder down the line. There will be no looting or molesting the people. If we plan to live here we must not make enemies of my future subjects." The older man nodded and signalled his staff. The Prince led his army across the river.

They rode without resistance through a countryside rich with fields ready for harvest. They arrived at the city gates to find them wide open and a Marshall on a white horse waiting for them. He carried a white flag on a standard.

"My Queen would meet with you and your General," he said. "The rest of your men are welcome to make camp on the pasture."

"Give the orders," Johan said.

They followed the Marshall through a city with far too few men. The people's eyes followed the invaders with an expression the Prince couldn't name - somewhere between despair and hope.

Queen Gillian met them in her council room.



Prince Johan bowed deeply to the young girl in front of him. She was dressed in the simplest of frocks, and only a gold wire holding back her hair hinted at royalty.



"As I am sure you are aware Prince Johan, my kingdom has suffered deeply. We need the men that you have brought with you to rebuild. The question then is who will rule this Kingdom?" the Queen walked over to the Prince and looked him long and hard in the eyes. "My people would not be content to be ruled by a foreign prince."

"You don't have the means to stop me from taking the throne."

"No, I don't," the Queen admitted. "But if I were to just give you the throne, what authority would you have to order your new Kingdom? I won't let you just walk in and take my Kingdom."

Prince Johan sighed. "I was hoping to avoid bloodshed."



"Nothing comes without a price." She upended a leather bag on the table and steel jacks clattered onto the oak. The ends of the jacks had been filed to sharp points. "Play me a game of jacks for my Kingdom. Let the only blood to be shed be yours and mine. If you win, the Kingdom is yours. If I win you will serve the Kingdom as I see fit."



"You would decide the fate of your kingdom with a child's game?"

"I'm a child."

"I used to be a fair hand at jacks," Johan said with a shrug.

"We each will get three tries. But first you must swear on the breath in your lungs and the salt in your veins. Swear on your mother's life and your father's grave, that you will abide by the outcome of the game."

Johan swore and the Queen did as well. She pushed the jacks and the ball to him.

"You start."

He tossed the ball in the air and picked up a jack. He breezed through the early rounds as his hands remembered the rhythm. Halfway through fours a sharpened jack stabbed deep into his finger. He gasped and missed the catch.



The Queen tossed the jacks and began playing. She made it to fives before a jack stuck in her hand. She caught the ball and pulled the jack out. She made it to sevens before missing a jack. She pushed the bloodied jacks to Johan.



He tossed them out and started at fours. This time he made it to sevens before missing the catch. The Queen almost immediately sent an errant jack spinning across the table. Johan started again, his hand was bleeding from tiny wounds and he had a hard time catching the now slippery ball, but he made it to nines before missing.

The Queen took her lip in her teeth. Her smaller hands were in worse shape than Johan's but she made it through nines to tens. Johan caught the ball on the next toss.

"You have won, my Queen."

The Queen took his hand in hers and led him into the throne room. A smaller chair sat beside the throne. She sat Johan in the chair.

"You and I will rule this land together." She kissed him on the cheek before seating herself and whispered to him. "I won't always be a child, my Prince."

What have I got myself into? Johan watched his General kneel to pledge allegiance to Queen Gillian.





Anything for Gold



Sascha limped into the bar and took a table where she could sit with her back to a wall facing the door. A young girl came and deposited a mug of beer on the table. Sascha used a scrap of sleeve wetted with beer to clean the blood from her face. The girl appeared again and left a cleaner cloth. Sascha smiled thanks and went back to her ablutions. She drank what was left of the beer and settled in for a long wait.

A polished steel shield hung on the wall. From what she could see of the bartender in it he looked more troll than human. Sascha wondered what he thought of her. She knew even with her best efforts, blood caked in her eyebrows and hair, turning fiery-red dark. Fortunately, none of the cuts and tears in her clothes were in places which could cause trouble.



Well after moonrise, Jacko slid into the seat across from her. The room had filled up and they could talk under the boisterous crowd.



"What happened to you?"

"A couple of bravos thought they needed my purse more than I did."

Jacko winced, "Did you have to let them bleed all over you?"

"One thought he could hold me while his partner finished me. I had to cut his throat." She shrugged. "It was messy.

"They must have been desperate."

"I wouldn't know."

"After all that you didn't even check their purses?"

"Whatever else I might be I am not a thief."

"You could have taken enough for some new clothes."

Sascha stared at him until Jacko looked down.

"OK, OK, you'll do anything for gold but steal it. I don't get you, Sasch."

"You don't need to get me." She leaned forward across the stained wood of the table. "Did you get the information I asked you about?"

"I did, the old man's holed up in the old monastery outside the south wall."

"Thanks" She dropped a handful of coins on the table. "Buy yourself a decent meal."

Her stained and ragged clothing helped Sascha blend into the shadows well enough the guards didn't notice her climb over the south wall. The moon shone bright enough to reveal handholds, but not so bright as to make her stand out. She reached the bottom and stretched out the cramps in her hands.

The place was more ruin than monastery. Walls and roofs now jumbles of stone. The only building still standing was the crypt for the monks who never left their retreat even in death. She pushed on the door and found it barred from the inside. She smiled, neither corpses or ghosts had any reason to bar the door. With the blade of her thinnest knife she lifted the bar and eased the door open.



The faint gleam of moonlight didn't show anything but dust and bones. She entered the crypt and followed the faint scent of cheese. An old man waited for her.



"Robson sent you."

"He wants the stone."

"Ah," the old man nodded. "Want some cheese?"

Sascha shrugged and took the chunk of cheese from his hand. She bit into it and almost cried at its sharp flavour against her tongue.

"There is water if you wish to clean up." He tossed her a bundle of cloth. "My fellows won't mind if you borrow a robe. The smell of death disturbs me."

"You're afraid of dying?" Sascha asked through the splashes of water on her face.

"No."

"I was hoping you would be."

"So I would just give you the stone?"

"I don't want to kill you."

"But you will if you have to."

"I will do what I need for Gold."

The old man looked at her sadly.

"I don't see greed in your eyes."

"Nonetheless."

He reached into his robe and pulled out a tiny bundle wrapped in silk.

"Silk is the only substance that the stone won't affect. Be careful." He handed it to her.

Sascha allowed the silk to move from the stone and touched it against a bone that lay on the floor. It turned into pure yellow gold.

"Why?"

"You are at the very edge of darkness. I didn't want to push you over."

"Then you understand."

"Goodbye Sascha, you're almost free."

"Without Gold, I will never be free."

"Remember the silk." The crypt went dark.



Sascha found herself outside the crypt. She shook her head and patted the small weight of the stone in her pocket.



***



Robson was waiting for her in the room he called his throne room.

"You have it?"

"Gold first."



He snapped his fingers and one of the thugs beside him pulled a little girl from behind Robson; her hair the colour fine gold.



"Mommy!" the girl cried.

"Hi Gold."

Robson took the little girl's hand and kept her from running to her mother.

"The stone first."

"This is the last time," Sascha said holding up the tiny bundle.

"Sascha, Sascha, you can trust me. Let me see the stone, then we'll talk." He let go of Gold and the girl ran to her mother.

Sascha tossed the stone to Robson and swept up Gold in her arms. She used the bit of silk to wipe the tears from her daughter's eyes.





Honour



Sir Cathvart reined in his horse at the bridge. He held up his mailed fist to signal the rest of his troop to stop. Standing on the bridge was a man in rusty armour, but holding a well-kept sword.

"Out of my way. I am on a mission for the King."

"You may not pass."

"Come now," the knight dismounted and walked toward the man on the bridge, "We are both honour bound to obey the King's desires."

"Honour is a lie."

"Honour is everything. It is our honour as knights that makes us who we are."

The other man remained silent. Sir Cathvart could see that he was an older man, but there were remains of heraldic colours on his armour.

"We will have a test of arms. If you prevail, then my men will turn away and not bother you anymore. You hear?" he called, "If this good knight wins the day, then you are to pass by without molesting him. There. They will obey as men of honour."

The older man's answer was to lunge, quick as a snake. The point of his sword scraped across the paint of Cathvart's chest plate. Cathvart threw himself backwards but he rolled to his feet with sword in hand.

The rusty knight might have been older, but he was no slower or frailer than Sir Cathvart himself. After his first precipitate lunge, he followed up with several double handed blows that would have cleaved in a helm even if Cathvart were wearing one. The younger knight was able to push the blows to one side, but he wasn't able to set himself solidly.

He was forced back onto the road where his men had to scramble to get their horses out of the way. Finally, the old knight over extended just slightly, but Cathvart stepped aside and pushed him off balance. The knight stumbled to one knee. Cathvart stepped back and waited for the older man to right himself.

"You fight well."

"For an old man."

"I mean you fight well. You should come to the tourney. You would do well in the lists."

"I don't fight for fun." The older man began his attack again, but this time Cathvart was ready for him. Blows that would have split his armour open were pushed to the side. He saw an opening and tried an attack of his own. The rusty armour turned his blade and he leapt back to be ready for the next onslaught. The older man surprised him by chuckling and switching to a more subtle fencing style.

Now his sword came at him in feints and lunges that were much harder to parry than the graceless pounding that had started the fight. Cathvart found himself giving ground again.

"You are a strong fighter," Cathvart gasped. "Join our quest."

"And what is it this time? The horns from a golden cow? The hair of a mermaid?"



"You mock us," Cathvart managed to lock their swords for a brief moment. "The King is bringing peace to all the land. He will rule through his knights. They will rule with honour."



The older knight pushed him away and came very close to taking Cathvart's head.

"I told you," the old man said. "Honour is a lie."

The two knights circled on the road. While the older knight had a seemingly endless repertoire of attacks and feints, the younger knight was stronger and well trained. The mounted troop watched and occasionally hissed or cheered. On the other side of the bridge some peasants had heard the sound of battle and come to peer through the bushes to watch.



Both men were gasping for air now and their blows more often wide of their target. There was no more conversation. A strap on Sir Cathvart's right greave broke and the plate protecting his leg dangled lose. As he stepped back to adjust it he realized that the other man was going to strike at his vulnerable leg. It wasn't so much a plan as instinct which put his sword where it would catch the old knight's arm as he struck.



The blade sliced through the leather arm-guard and the rusty-armoured knight's sword fell to the dust.

"Well fought, but now you must let us pass," Cathvart let exhaustion pull his sword point down.

The old man swept up his sword with his left hand and ran through Cathvart's unprotected leg.

"I told you," the old man snarled, "I don't fight for fun." He tried to pull the sword out and finish the younger knight, but the steel was jammed in the powerful muscle of the thigh. That second of hesitation was enough for Cathvart's sword to find the man's throat.

Cathvart looked at the man he had killed.

"He was a strange man, but he died with honour."

"What should we do with them?" his lieutenant asked, pointing at the peasants.

"They are on the King's land. Kill them all."

Cathvart sat while his surgeon bandaged his leg. He wished he could join his troop in clearing the King's land. There was no honour in killing peasants, but it was practice of a sort. Instead he had to sit here and just listen to the screams.





Learning Honour



I was once where you are; watching the words go up into the blue like so many soap bubbles. You feel no care, no urgency, but be warned! In the right hands even soap bubble might be dangerous.

You say the words are floating to no purpose, your attention is fleeting, and there is a limit to how many words I have to tell my story?

Sadly, you are right, the days of the garrulous old narrator are past, so we start.

One of the times that I was young, yes, I mean exactly that, I have been young many times; young as a flower, young as a tree, even young as a rock. This time I was young as the youngest son of a rice farmer.



Look if you are going to keep interrupting, we will never get started. Watch the words, count them if you must and we will see where they take us.



As I said, I was the son of a rice farmer. He had mud between his toes and mud between his ears. I, according to him and every other person in the village, had nothing but air between my ears. Everyone in the village would be breaking their backs planting rice seedlings while I listened to stories from a wandering monk.

I cared not for what any of them thought. There was a bigger world than my muddy little village and I was going to explore it.

No, it wasn't fair, but I was young and my head was full of stories and air. I didn't care. Inevitably, I ended up leaving as soon as I thought I could take care of myself. With the surprising gift of a bag of rice and a bowl to cook it in, I set out on the faint track that brought wanderers in, and very quickly after, took them away again.



The track went from muddy to earthy and the sparse trees to bamboo. It is hard to describe the exact shade of green that sunlight shining through bamboo creates, or the smell. I had never experienced either so it isn't surprising that I was paying so little attention to what I was doing that I tripped over a body lying beneath the bamboo.



At least I thought it was a body, I'd seen enough in my young life, but none with so many bandages seeping red life through them. The body moved with what I thought was miraculous speed and a knife was at my throat. I was too excited to be afraid. Here was something new, my only fear was that I would die before I took in more of this glorious experience.

Yet the knife did not cut my throat it retreated and the man sighed.

"Why should you die for my weakness?" he said, "Just be sure to bury me with all my armour."

"Why would I bury you?" I set to making a fire to cook my rice. I had heard stories of healing from the wandering monks and so, I was sure that I was a healer. I found moss and herbs and after sharing my rice with the man, I made a poultice and put it on his wounds and make a tea for him to drink.

It is a wonder I didn't kill him, a second wonder he began to recover. The third wonder is he took me as his apprentice.

What did this man look like? I see him through two sets of eyes, the awe of youth and the weariness of the old. He was tall and strong, yet ancient (he must have been all of thirty) his armour was fearsome (it was cut and broken and mismatched).

I carried all his gear and walked behind. I tried to imitate the swagger of his walk. He made little sound and soon, I made less. When he went through his patterns with his sword, I tried to imitate him with a switch of bamboo. He laughed and corrected me, and soon he was teaching me everything he knew about the art of mayhem.



We meandered toward civilization while Hiro taught me to slice through bamboo as if I slicing through necks. It was a great game. We left the bamboo and walked through scrubby forest. We walked through a village and I ignored the fearful looks as Hiro did. In the third village, we passed one of the elders prostrated himself before Hiro.



"There are bandits troubling us, sir," he said visibly trembling. "Would you consider dealing with them for us?"

"Does it look like my honour is for sale?" Hiro said and kept walking.

"Oh no, sir," the elder shook even more as he tried to grovel and keep up with us at the same time. "But someone of your obvious honour might agree to help some poor villagers against those with none."

Hiro stopped and looked at the old man. He put his hand on his sword and appeared to be deep in thought.

"Very well," he finally said, "I need nothing, but my man here needs food and proper clothing." The old man nodded and scuttled away. I puffed out my chest at being described as a man. We waited for a while before the old man returned with some clothes that looked like they would fit and a pot filled with rice and even a bit of meat.

Hiro waved at me and I quickly changed into the new clothes. I thought they were grand, (they were thread bare dress clothes that were much too big for me.) Once the old man retreated Hiro helped himself to much of the rice and stew from the pot. Even after we both ate our fill, there was some left over.

"We must look around," Hiro said, "Watch and learn." He led me around the edge of the village and pointed out tracks where villagers went in and out of the brush. He stopped at one trail. "Look, these were made by someone wearing boots. He pointed to his own boots. I looked at my feet and saw immediately what he meant. I nodded.

We concealed ourselves and I played out battle scenarios in my head. I always came out the victor. Sometimes I slaughtered the entire evil band, and sometimes I was merciful and sent them off to become monks. I was so occupied with my inner battle that I completely missed the arrival of the bandits.



Hiro didn't. He rose on his silent feet and quietly killed the last bandit in the line of seven. Then the next, and the next. The fourth one didn't die quietly and his gurgling cry alerted the remaining three. They whirled and drew in one swift motion. Spreading out they attacked, first one, then another. Hiro was spinning and his sword whistled through the air. He was so busy defending that he didn't have time to attack.



I took a sword from one of the corpses and lunged at the back of one of Hiro's opponents. The man spun and blocked my swing with ease. He laughed and left Hiro to his two companions. He whirled his sword through the air and flicked cuts in my new clothes. Soon they were bloody rags. I heard a grunt of pain and hoped it wasn't Hiro, but I was too busy to look.

My opponent drove me back into the brush. He didn't say anything, but he was chuckling the whole time. I was no more an opponent for him than the bamboo was for me. This was a game for him, and death for me.

A root saved me. I tripped on it and fell to the ground. The bandit's sword missed its swing and caught for an instant in a branch.



I screamed and lunged again. Instead of trying to cut, I held the sword like the boar spear some of the men in the village used to kill pigs for meat. Because his sword tangled for that second, his parry was just a hair late. My sword sliced deep and cut the big artery in his thigh. Hot blood sprayed into my face and the bandit fell back with a scream.



I furiously scraped at the blood on my face trying to clear my sight. There was no sound of battle. Had Hiro won? Had the bandits? I had to see!

"It's OK, boy," Hiro's voice cut through my panic. He gave me a rag to clean my face.

When I was steadier I looked at the corpse of the bandit. If he could die then I could die too. My mortality settled around my shoulders like a cloak

"Clean your sword, then we will see if there is anything else worth taking."

"It isn't honourable to steal from the dead."

"Honour tastes good on the tongue, but it won't fill your belly," Hiro looked at me until I nodded and went over to the corpse to see what I could find.



Now if I had more time I would tell you how I almost became the best swordsman in the land, I might even tell you about the witch, but the sun is low on the horizon and I must be off.





Cindy's Fella



Cindy dug the shovel into the large pile of manure left behind by Cleopatra. The strong odour of the manure surrounded her and she breathed it in. Her sisters, step-sisters actually, could hardly stand to enter the barn, never mind help to clean it. Cindy loved the barn. It was her refuge from the annoyances of life in the manor house. She dumped the shovel load into the wheelbarrow and dug in for another load. It was truly astonishing how much one rather elderly cow could produce, both milk and manure. To Cindy's mind they were of equal importance. The milk paid for the day to day expenses of the manor while the manure went to fertilize the garden patch that would feed them through the winter.



It took several trips to bring Cleopatra's contribution to the garden and properly dig it in around the vegetables, especially the large pumpkin. She was hoping to enter it in the fair. Cindy could have made just the one trip, but her step-mother didn't think it proper for her to sling the wheelbarrow around like a common farm hand. Besides it took longer this way.



Yet no matter how much she dawdled over the work, the work got done and she had to put away the tools and go back up to the house.

"Cindy," Anatolia looked up from where she lounged on the couch. "When's supper? I am famished."



"I will start it immediately," Cindy said.



"Cindy," Zetta wrinkled her nose, "You stink, I will simply not eat anything you cook before you wash."

"But I'll die if I don't eat soon." Anatolia rubbed her generous stomach.

"I doubt that very much," the girls' mother said, "Cindy, go wash. You must learn to be more careful. A lady doesn't reek of the barn."



Cindy guessed she wasn't much of a lady then, since she usually reeked of the barn. She knew better than to say anything. Her step-mother wasn't too lady-like to wield a rod to chastise Cindy. Not that Cindy liked stinking to high heaven, but she saw it as an inescapable result of her efforts to feed the family.



Her family, such as it was, was otherwise completely incapable of caring for themselves. Her father had been a successful and comfortable farmer. When he died, his second wife and her daughters discovered that it took a great deal of work to be successful farmers. Work that they were completely unwilling to put in. The farm was sold off piece meal until only the large 'manor' house and barn remained with just enough land to plant a garden.

She would have liked to have soaked properly, but the threat of Anatolia's complaints drove her out the water. She dried off quickly and put her cooking dress on. It was an older mode with tighter sleeves unlikely to catch fire from the old stove.

Cindy didn't like the kitchen as much as the barn. She didn't mind cooking but there were constant interruptions.



"Is there something I can eat while I wait?" Anatolia asked as she shuffled through the narrow door. Another year and she wouldn't fit.



"There are some peeled carrots on the table," Cindy pounded on the tough meat to tenderize it enough to meet her step-mother's exacting standards.

"I don't want carrots," Anatolia whined, "Don't you have any sweets?"

"No," Cindy said, "You know your mother has banned sweets."

"And with good reason," Zetta walked in a sniffed to check on Cindy's level of cleanliness, "if you get any bigger you won't fit your dresses and Mother doesn't want to take them out again."

Anatolia picked up a carrot and heaved a great sigh. She sidled back out of the kitchen.

"Make sure you cut all the fat off my meat," Zetta said. "You missed some last night." She followed her sister out of the kitchen.



Cindy had no idea what they did with themselves through the day. They never seemed to be very far apart. Her step-mother spent her days plotting how to restore the fallen fortunes of the farm without actually going so far as to do any work. Cindy was content with the way things were. She couldn't manage a large farm by herself. Right now, she was just able to keep the balance between being busy and being able to finish her work.



She supposed some people would be upset by the demands of her step-family. But Cindy would be doing all the work anyway. After changing her dress for dinner and eating with the others she did the dishes. The last thing she did every night was milk Cleopatra.

It was dim in the barn and the old cow mooed a welcome to Cindy. She set the stool beside the cow and set the bucket in place. Cindy marveled that this last remaining cow continued to give milk in generous amounts. When the milking was done, she put the milk in the cool urn, then spent some time brushing Cleopatra. She put down fresh straw for the cow and fill the manger with hay and the trough with clean water.



Cindy took one last breath of the barn air redolent with smell of everything she loved, then closed the doors and went off to bed.



***



She woke to the sound of the birds singing outside her window.

"Dratted birds," she mumbled as she put on her barn clothes and went out to milk Cleopatra. She patted the old cow and went through the chores. After breakfast her step-mother sent her into town to buy a couple of things.

"I have work to do," Cindy said.

"If I send Zetta, she will complain bitterly," her step-mother said, "then come back with all the wrong things to punish me. Anatolia would just spend the money on sweets. Get on with you." She put the few coins into Cindy's hand. "You will take far too long with all your talking to people, but I know you will buy what I tell you.

So instead of working in the garden, Cindy put on her nice dress and walked into town. She didn't mind much. She hadn't seen her friends in a while.

"Morning, John," she said to the dairyman, "Mother wants a cheese. You can deliver it to the house later."

"Certainly, Cindy," John said, "I'll be going by that way later."

She wandered through town picking up the few things on the list from the merchants. She greeted each one by name and they treated her well though she was only spending a few pennies. In the centre of town there was a crowd gathered by a poster. Those who could read were standing near the poster and announcing its contents to everyone else.

"Hey Cindy," Bill called, "You going to the ball?"

"Do I look like I'm going to a ball?" Cindy said, "I doubt the Prince even knows I exists."

"Says here that all eligible maids are to attend the ball."

"Well then," Cindy looked at herself, "I don't look much like a maid."

The crowd laughed and Cindy waved and headed off home.



The exchange unsettled her. She enjoyed the farming, but was it what she wanted for the rest of her life? She imagined herself married to one of Bill's older brothers. They had a whole herd of milk cows and chickens too. She would be doing chores from dawn to dusk. She didn't mind the work, but there would be nothing else. Bill's mother's eulogy last year was summed up in five words. "She was a hard worker." Cindy found herself imagining what she would wear to the ball.



***



The prince stalked through the halls of the palace hoping that some servant would be foolish enough to get in his way; maybe that pert new servant girl from his mother's wing of the palace. Imagining her heart-shaped face cowed with fear made him smile. He shook his head angrily. No smiles. The prince was a person to be feared today. No one feared someone prancing about with a silly grin on their face.

Reluctantly he pushed the thought of the girl out of his head and reflected on the recent conversation with his father, the King.

"So Father," the prince had said, "now that I'm twenty-one, are you going to make me your heir?"

"Humph," The King glowered at him and tapped his fingers on the arms of his chair. "You're too wild right now. You need to settle down and start producing heirs."

"You make me sound like some bull at one of those tiresome fairs."

The King looked the prince over and grunted, his fingers struck the wood like hammers.

"Those bulls have value," he said finally, "all you do is cause trouble. I wanted to find you a nice princess, but you've scared them all away with your antics. So, you will have to find someone from around here."

"The only women around her are farmers and servants!"

"You don't seem to find servants unattractive," the King said, "In fact your constant attraction to them is costing the kingdom a fortune. At least a farmer would be able to explain the finer points of a prize bull."

The prince swelled up to unleash his rage, but his father raised his hand.



"If you won't choose a wife, then I will choose one for you. Be sure that I will have the future needs of the kingdom in mind." The prince imagined the bride his father would select for him, some sturdy woman with a strong constitution and no grace. He shuddered.



"I am throwing a ball," the King put his hand down and ran it across the arm of his chair, "for all the maids in the kingdom. You will choose one to be your wife. When your heir is apparent, I will consider making you my formal heir."



The prince left the room very carefully not slamming the door. The King was not someone to be trifled with. As soon as he rounded the corner out of King's quarters he let his boots slam into the stone floor and twisted his face into a scowl. He was no prize bull to be set out to stud! Though to be honest, he had... collected quite a herd. He leaned against the wall and went through their faces in his mind.



***



Cindy made it back home and took the small bag of purchases into the house. She discovered her step-mother running her hands over two bolts of fine cloth.

"What did you sell this time?" Cindy asked. "I know we didn't have the money for that."

"Don't be impertinent," her step-mother's eyes took on the glare which preceded a beating. "Someone must look out for the welfare of this family."

Cindy went looking through the house trying to think of what was missing that would have paid for that cloth.

"Well, at least she won't always smell of the barn," she heard Zetta say.

"But I'll miss the fresh cream," Anatolia said.

"Cleopatra!" Cindy ran out to the barn. Sure enough, the old cow's stall was empty. She stormed back into the house and interrupted her step-mother measuring the cloth against her step-sisters.

"How could you?" Cindy said, "Cleopatra's milk was the only thing keeping us from starving."

"With a daughter married to the prince, I won't have to worry about starving."

"Every girl in the kingdom will be at that ball!"

"Which is why I had to buy the fabric; I need to give my daughters an edge."

"You could at least have bought colours that would suit them," Cindy said and ran up to her room.

She refused to come out to cook or clean. Her step-mother gave up on her and even went as far as to wedge the door closed with a chair. Anatolia came and begged her to cook. Zetta came to sneer and complain. Cindy ignored them all. She pulled out an old dress of her mother's that had hung in the back of her closet for as long as she could remember. It used to smell of her mother, now it just smelled musty.

Cindy aired the dress out and tried it on. It was loose in some places and tight in others, yet fit surprisingly well. She spent some time altering it as best she could while she tried not to hear the steady tramp of feet in and out of the house. They would never be able to pay for all this fuss. Her step-mother was going to put them out on the street. There wasn't much left to sell.

The day of the ball came and Cindy carefully rolled the dress up and fit it into a pillow case. She held the case as she climbed down the trellis outside her window. The only place she could think to change was the barn. She put on the dress and tried her best to tidy herself.

"Well it's good to see that you can make yourself presentable," her step-mother said as she walked into the barn, "but there's no need for you to go to the ball. You have a fiance already."

"What are you talking about?"

"Farmer Jones needs a new wife. He's had his eye on this farm for a while. Since you like farming so much, it is a perfect match. He doesn't care about this ball since he only has sons."

"Farmer Jones is old enough to be my father! I won't marry him."

"You may not like me, but I am your mother and you will do what I say."

"I won't," Cindy tried to run past her step-mother, but the older woman was faster and stronger than the she expected. She caught Cindy's arm in an iron grip and pulled her close.



"You will do what I say, girl, or some sad accident will befall you. I did it before; I can do it again." She pushed Cindy back into the barn and slammed the door closed. The bar outside dropped with a bang. All the other doors would be barred too and there was no trellis to climb down.



She felt like she was going to burst. She kicked and pounded on the door, but though it was old it was still all too solid. The sound of horses pulling a carriage came through the door and she collapsed into tears. This really was it. There was no escape from her future life as Bill's step- mother. She was younger than he was! If it had been someone else, it might have been funny.

The barn was very silent without Cleopatra in it. Cindy sighed and leaned against the door. It was going to be a long night.

She wasn't sure how long she had sat, huddled against the door before she noticed a strange light coming from Cleopatra's stall. Cindy got up to investigate. She walked to the stall and peeked around the door. Busily cleaning the stall with a tiny broom was a woman who didn't stand as tall as Cindy's waist.

"Well come in, dear," the woman said. "It isn't polite to stare."

Cindy reluctantly walked into the stall. Somehow as she entered it, the cramped space grew larger and she found herself eyeball to eyeball with the strange woman.

"Don't fret about it," the woman said, "it will just give you wrinkles." She waved her hand and a ball of light floated up above them. "Now, let me get a good look at you." She made spinning motions with her fingers and Cindy slowly turned around.

"I know that dress has sentimental value, but it just won't do." She waved her hand again and the sudden weight of a beautiful gown draped from Cindy's shoulders. She struggled to breathe.

"Small breaths, dear, a corset takes some getting used to, but you'll be fine."

She made the spinning motion with her hand again and Cindy turned again.

"Better, better." She waved her hand and Cindy's hair crawled and tugged until she thought it would pull right out.

Finally, it stopped and she lifted her hand to feel.

"Ah, ah," the woman said, "don't fuss." She led the way out into the barnyard. The moon was just rising and gave the place a magical glow. The woman walked over to the garden and peered at the pumpkin.

"This will do fine."

"But that's going to be my prize pumpkin."

"Listen, Cindy, I promised your mother to look after you, not to rescue you from your own stupidity. You can either go to the ball and marry the prince; or you can stay here, grow prize pumpkins and marry Farmer Jones."

Cindy shuddered and turned away from the garden. The woman waved her hand once more and the pumpkin exploded into a fine coach. Two unwary rabbits became horses to draw the coach, another became a driver.

"Here are the rules, child," the woman was taller than Cindy now, "you have until midnight to capture the prince; no later, not one second after midnight. At the fading of the last stroke of midnight the spell will end. Don't worry about leaving early; I've given you a little advantage. The poor boy won't be able to resist you. Just leave before the last stroke of midnight and you become the next princess. Stay any later and I won't be responsible for what happens." She smiled brightly. "But I know you will follow the rules. Now get your pretty glass slippers into the carriage and go."

Cindy climbed into the pumpkin carriage and the rabbit horses dashed away. She pulled up to the palace much sooner than she expected. More magic probably. She wondered briefly about how her mother might have met such a strange person, but she didn't have time to dwell on it. The guards helped her out of the carriage and sent it off.

"I'm supposed to leave at midnight," she said.

"That's your driver's problem," the guard said and pointed into the palace.



Cindy walked through the hallways in a daze. Torches lit the way and highlight gold framed portraits and marble sculptures. Her glass slippers clinked faintly on the stone. What would it be like to live here? She finally arrived at the doors to the ballroom. Bill stood by the door pulling at the neck of his uniform. His eyes widened when he saw Cindy.



"You look good."

"And that's a surprise?"

"No I mean you always look nice, but now you look like a princess."

"All the better to catch a prince."

"I'm not sure he's that much of a catch," Bill whispered. "Most of the girls here are terrified of him."

"So what are you doing here?"

"My father is getting married again, probably to some widow who will do nothing but complain about how the place is run. My brothers are farmers, but I want something different. This is the first step."

"So some glowing lady came and offered you the chance to change your life?"

"What are you talking about?"



"Nothing, never mind," Cindy took a deep breath. "You'd better open those doors and let me in. By the way, I'm supposed to leave at midnight. Let me know when it gets close."



"Sure thing, Cindy," Bill threw the doors open and Cindy walked into the ballroom.

The room looked like something out of a fairy tale. The walls were draped with fine cloth, a long table groaned beneath the weight of more food than Cindy's farm grew in a year. Musicians on a balcony played a sprightly tune. Though the floor had been polished to a mirror-like shine, the glass slippers gripped it comfortably. In this setting magic was easy to believe in.

Then she noticed the reek of desperation. The huge room was filled with young women who wore grim faces and glared at each other, while they shot fear filled glances at the prince. He had dressed in white and was surrounded by other men in shades of grey and black. They danced with young women while the prince lounged on the throne that had been set at the far end. He was making no attempt to hide his boredom and contempt.



It was shocking how ugly a beautiful room could be made by the presence of the wrong person. The women who should have been laughing and enjoying themselves were dressed more by their fear or avarice than their fine clothes. The men wore their lust like finery. She shuddered. Cindy was almost ready to turn around and take her chances with Farmer Jones, when her eyes met those of the prince.



***



The prince was inescapably bored. The women hovered around him. They giggled nervously or tried to act like they weren't just farmer's daughters overdressed for the night. There were two girls who wore hideous dresses, one was stuffing her face at the buffet while the other scowled at everyone who approached her. Another girl curtsied in front of him and he twirled his fingers, she stared at him.

"Turn around," he said, and rolled his eyes. She gulped and attempted a pirouette, slipped and fell to her knees, then ran off weeping. The door at the far end opened to let in some cow who couldn't tell time. He glanced up to see what new torture was to be visited upon him and his eyes met hers.

If you had put a sword to his throat he couldn't have told you the colour of her dress, but her eyes were the incredible blue of those flowers his horse ate on the side of the rode. He would never let his horse eat them again.

Without thinking about it he got up from his seat and went to greet this vision of loveliness.

Somehow his greeting turned into the first steps of a dance. The orchestra sat up straight and started playing the music for his dance. There was a collective sigh and the other girls started eyeing up his attendants in grey for possible dancing ability. Whatever dance he began she followed, she laughed at his jokes and not just a nervous titter either. He filled her plate with food and her cup with wine. As the evening progressed he paid less and less attention to the other people who inhabited the room.



One of his guards started making odd gestures at them. He glared at the man, someone who had just joined up that day, he'd have him flogged and cast out, but only after he had finished with this most enchanting woman. He led her out to the patio where they were out of view of the crowd.



The music was quieter here, but he was content to just hum along. No conversation was necessary with those extraordinary eyes on his. He heard the clock begin to strike midnight, time to end this farce of a ball. He would marry this woman and they would rule the kingdom as soon as the old man had the decency to die.



For some reason, she was trying to pull away from him, but he was used to dealing with reluctant women and he just tightened his grip. The last stroke of midnight was fading when she shrugged and blinked.



***



The whole evening had been very strange, as if riding to a ball in an oversized pumpkin wasn't strange enough. From the moment, their eyes met the prince hadn't left her side. Cindy had watched as desperation faded to resignation and the other girls started looking for matches not quite as lofty as a prince.

He insisted on feeding her and plying her with wine. It was probably the wine that made her forget about the time. She was feeling quite tipsy by the time he pulled out onto the patio. At least there was a pleasant breeze blowing out here. The prince was humming along to the music with a fatuous grin on his face.

The clock was striking twelve. She had to leave.

Unfortunately, the prince was considerably stronger than her, and very determined that she not leave. As the clock hit the final stroke she gave up and shrugged. He would have to see what he was getting sooner or later.

The dress faded away as the sound of the clock vanished. She felt her hair tumble down to its usual tangle about her shoulders.

"What is that smell?" the prince asked.

"That would be the barn," Cindy said, "I was locked in it before all this started."

"Oh great," said the prince, "I suppose it would have been too much trouble to take a bath?"

"My step-mother locked me in the barn."

"Of course she did," the prince rolled his eyes. "Well at least let me get a decent look at you. Turn around." He waved his hand at her.

"You've been doing nothing but stare at me all night."

"But now I want to look at you."

Just her and the prince out here. The pleasant breeze of a moment ago turned chill and raised goosebumps on her arms. She crossed her arms to warm herself.

"Blast you, stupid cow!" the prince shouted, "I will see what you have." He grabbed her dress and wrenched at it. Cindy heard the fabric of her mother's dress tear and the chill wind blew across her breasts. He grabbed at her and twisted her flesh.



Cindy didn't know whether to curse herself or her mother's friend. She settled on kneeing the prince between the legs. He stopped fumbling with his pants and went a little cross-eyed.



"Guards!" he screamed. "Guards, arrest this woman!" His fists clenched and he looked like he wasn't going to wait for the guards before doing more damage. Cindy sighed and gave him a proper kick. His eyes rolled up into his head and he fell to the ground. She gathered the remnants of her dress about her and looked for an escape.

Too late. A guard approached her and stepped into the light surrounding her and the prince.

"I tried to warn you about the time," Bill said, "If I'd known what a dastard he was I would have dragged you off myself."

"So now I guess you have to arrest me." Cindy held her hands in front of her. The wind caressed her skin. Bill's eyes widened and he whipped off his vest and wrapped it around her.

"Come with me," he said his voice breaking. He put his arm around her and pulled her into the darkness as other guards came running past. None of them paid them any attention.



"Did you think the night would end like this?" Cindy said, "You throwing me into the dungeons?"



"Don't know where the dungeons are," Bill said as a familiar smell filled her nose. "I rode Blackie here when I came to work. I expect he'll be glad to carry me away again." He held her gently by the shoulders. "I'm no prince. I'm just the youngest son of an old farmer."

"Youngest sons are supposed to be lucky." Cindy put her finger on his lips. "And right now I've had my fill of princes." She helped him get Blackie out of his stall. Bill lifted her up, then jumped up behind her. Cindy could hear shouts approaching.

"I think it's time to go. I hear it's a long ride to the next kingdom."

Bill kicked Blackie into a gallop and they rode out the gates. Cindy laughed and kicked the slippers off her feet.

The tinkling sound of breaking glass followed them as they rode away into the night.





The End of Snow White



Snoring filled the cottage. Even with her hands tight against her ears Snow White couldn't block out the cacophony of wheezes and snorts. Chubby was worst; not because he was loudest, but because he would stop breathing for a while and, counting the seconds, she would wait until he grunted and started breathing once more.

Snow White didn't know how her grandmother had managed with seven. Maybe they hadn't snored. Maybe pigs had flown too. The only thing that had changed about the little men was their names. Snow White got up and went downstairs to clean. She might be called Snow White after her grandmother and but she didn't feel much like Snow White, more like Dingy Grey.



The truth was the little men were slobs. She used a stick to pick up the laundry. They insisted on throwing down their clothes where ever they happened to be standing when the notion took them to change from one horrifically dirty outfit to another. The sight of naked little men stomping through the cottage was seared into Snow White's mind. Nothing she said would change their behaviour. As they pointed out each time she complained, it was their cottage.



"Hey Snow," a raspy voice floated down the stairs, "You want some help getting to sleep?"

"You forget, Sleazy," Snow White said without turning around, "I've seen what you've got, and it doesn't give a girl any confidence. There's a good reason people call you 'little men'."

With a harrumph and banging of boots whichever little man it was returned to his bed. None of them were really called Sleazy, but it was the name she used whenever one of them made advances. She had learned not to turn around. She could never keep from laughing and it made them even more cantankerous than usual.

The last bit of clothing went into the huge pot she used for laundry and with a bit of soap it would do until morning. Snow White put on a cloak and went out into the night to breathe. She walked away from the cottage so none of the little men could see her. She was tired of their eyes always following her. It was cold, but the air was fresh. She amused herself by catching some of the snow that fell from the trees and comparing it with her skin. Definitely more grey than white.

"It's dangerous for a young girl to be out in the night like this." Snow White shrugged and turned to where the huntsman was stepping out of the shadows.

"It's dangerous to be me," she said, "it doesn't matter the place or time."

"Someone might come upon you and ravish you."

"Right," Snow White flipped him a hand sign that her dear departed father would have told her no self-respecting princess should know never mind employ. Sorry, Pops, she thought, I've got no respect left, for myself or anyone else.

The huntsman frowned and gripped her shoulder.

"I have the power of life and death over you, Princess," he said.

"Sure," Snow White said, "You could go running to your Queen and tell her that you accidentally didn't really kill me, and sort of accidentally brought her a deer heart instead."

The huntsman growled and gripped her tighter, he put a hand on the collar of her dress and Snow White stopped him.

"Don't you dare rip my dress." She pushed him away, "This is the last bit of comfortable clothing I have left."

"But..." The huntsman pouted.

"Oh, alright," Snow White said, and let her dress fall to the snow, "Just pretend my cloak is my dress. But can we please at least go somewhere dry? There's a cave this way." She picked up the dress and led the Huntsman deeper into the woods.

In the morning Snow White watched the little men stagger off toward the mine that gave them just enough iron ore to eke out a living. Adding her full-sized appetite to the mix really stretched their resources. That was why she pretended that she didn't know that they doubled back to watch her take her bath and wash her clothes. For people who made so much noise the rest of the time, they were remarkably quiet.

As punishment for the come-on the night before, Snow White cut short her washing and wrapped up in a towel that felt like burlap. She boiled some water and tossed in some mint for flavour. She sat in the kitchen and waited for her clothes to dry enough to get dressed. It was a once a week ritual that no one talked about. One of these days they would make the connection between the midnight propositions and the length of her bath. She snorted, probably not. Little they were, but they were still men.



Snow White sipped her mint tea and considered her life. The huntsman was mildly amusing, but his obsession with her was going to cause trouble. It was the same with all of them. They all thought that they were beyond the sight of the Queen. The end was always the same. At least her father had just thrown them in the dungeons. The Queen apparently was infuriated by the ease with which Snow White ensnared the boys and men around her. The men in Snow White's life tended to die. It was depressing.



The Queen wanted Snow White dead, and Snow White didn't blame her. But she wasn't going to lie down and die for anyone. She wasn't enjoying her life much, but she wasn't ready to give it up just yet.

"Are you sure you'll be alright?" Chubby looked up at Snow White. "I'll stay here and take care of you while the others go to town."



"Sure," said Handy, "and we all know what you'll be about while we're gone." He glowered at the other four little men. "We all go. She'll be just fine." He looked up at her through his eyebrows. Snow White nodded and that was that. The little men clambered up on the wagon, and their one wretched mule pulled them away down the trail away from the cottage. Snow White watched long enough to be sure that they were gone. She could count on their jealously to keep them all together to town and back.



Snow White heated the water and luxuriated in the first long, private bath in months. She almost wished the huntsman would come by.

Snow White washed all the linens and scrubbed what she could of the cottage. She hated cleaning, but she hated dirt worse. The days passed and she found herself missing the company. They were pigs and perverts and whatever else, but they surrounded her with life. Snow White wasn't very good company for herself.

The huntsman never showed and when the little men came home she learned why.

"The Queen had him tied to a stake and then choked him with his own organ."

"How could she choke him with his heart?" she said.

"It wasn't his heart," Handy said, "It was a different organ."

"Right," Snow White said, "so what did you buy for food?"



"The usual," Chubby said. Snow White rolled her eyes. "If we bought anything different the Queen would suspect something.



"Why would she care about a few grubby miners?"

"She cared about the huntsman sure enough," Pinky said.

Snow White shrugged.

"You don't seem too upset that a man who saved your life is dead." Handy said.

"Every man in my life ends up dead," Snow White said, "It's like a curse." She laughed as the little men all backed away from her. "Dinner isn't going to cook itself." She walked into the cottage. "I'll call you when it's ready," she said over her shoulder.

The little men kept their distance for a day or two, but habit and inclination were too strong and soon they were ogling her again and strutting naked through the cottage. Their raspy voices called from the top of the stairs at night. Snow White went from feeling dingy grey to feeling very dark indeed.



Their snores still kept her awake; but something was different tonight. The sound didn't have its full richness. A small man climbed into her bed and grabbed at her flesh.



"Don't pretend you don't like it," the little man said, "You went off quick enough with your precious huntsman." Snow White made a noise of disgust and pushed the little man away. She pulled her legs up to her chest. "So now you go all shy and virtuous," the man sneered and tried to push her legs aside. Snow White kicked out and launched the little man out of the bed. He bounced across the floor and down the stairs.

The snores of the other little men didn't change. Snow White didn't feel like going and dealing with whoever was at the bottom of the stairs. With any luck, he would just go back to bed and try to forget his humiliation.

When the men got up in the morning, they found Handy lying at the bottom of the stairs with his neck broken. They looked at him, then Snow White who stood at the top of the stairs.

"Well, damn," Chubby said, "How are we going to survive with just four of us running the mine?" They all turned and looked at Snow White.

"No," she said, "no way. I'm no miner."

"You're going to earn your keep one way or another," Chubby said. "You choose."

"If I bang my head," she said, "I'm going to burn your supper."

Pinky went up the stairs and fetched Handy's work bag. He handed her the dead man's helmet and pick axe. The four little men picked up their comrade and slung him on the wagon. Snow White followed them to the mine.

They tossed the body into a dead-end tunnel and piled some rocks to block it. One of them spat on the rocks then they led Snow White deeper into the mine. She saw a glint in the rock from one of their lamps. She turned her own lamp on the rock.

"Is this gold?" she said.

"Yup," Chubby said, "Leave it alone."

"Why?"



"What would happen if someone learned we had gold up here? They'd come and kill us and take our mine, that's what would happen. Gold is trouble. Stick to the iron ore."



Snow White shook her head, but the little men didn't look so ridiculous with their hammers and axes. They led her deep into the mountain. She banged her head several times and muttered curses that bounced off the little men. They were in their element now. The cottage was only where they lived. The mine was where they were alive.

She hated it. Even with the helmet her head ached. Soon, her shoulders and back ached too. The little men cracked the rock with hard, rhythmic strokes. Snow White's hands vibrated from hitting the rock and she barely scratched the surface.

"OK," Chubby said after an eternity, "go and make us supper."

The walk back to the cottage was long and excruciating. It was worse than the night that she had followed the huntsman into the woods knowing that she would have to seduce him to save her life. She couldn't face the idea of seducing the little men. The very idea made her ill.



Even the snoring didn't keep her awake that night or for the rest of the week. She slept exhausted until morning. The men glared at each other jealously. Snow White knew it was only a matter of time before they came up with a solution that would make them happy and complete her fall from being Snow White.



It didn't take as long as she had hoped.

"I got the short straw," Pinky said and leered at her.

"Short straw," said Snow White, "how appropriate." His leer slipped a little, but only a little. The work day passed as slowly as all the others. Snow White walked back to the cottage as quickly as she could. She could pack up and move on. She didn't know where, but she would find a place.

The berries were lit by a beam of golden sunlight. The huntsman had pointed them out once.

"Eat one of those and you'll never wake up," he'd said.



Snow White looked at them. Here was her solution. She thought of sleeping and never waking up. After picking every berry there she hurried back to the cottage. She crushed the berries and added them to the rough stew that was all they ate. It smelled as vile as it always did. Her cooking was only marginally better than the little men's.



The little men arrived home. They came to the table with their filthy hands and filthier grins. They were all looking forward to this night. The stew vanished from their plates and Snow White dished out seconds. Finally, Pinky sighed and let out a huge belch.

"Well boys," he said, "I'm for bed." He winked at them and leered at Snow White. "Don't keep me waiting."

"I'll just clean up some," Snow White said.

"Don't keep me waiting," Pinky said again and let his hand rest on her shoulder possessively. Snow White nodded.

She heard them stomping around upstairs. She took as long as she could clearing up.



"Get up here, girl," the raspy voice of a little man came down the stairs. Snow White took a deep breath and slowly climbed the stairs. The four men were staring at her.



"Well," Pinky said as he stood naked and eager, "it's time." Then he fell flat on his face and started snoring. The others fell back on their beds and began snoring too.

Snow White stood there and listened to the snores. She listened until one by one the snores stopped.

In the morning, she took the wagon and the old mule. She left the bodies in the beds. It took her all day to load the loose gold at the mine into the wagon.

"Let's go," she said to the mule. "One last trip and you can retire." She drove the mule away from the mine and the cottage and the last of the Kingdom that knew her as Princess Snow White.



She looked at her arms that were black with rock dust, maybe someday she would feel clean again.




CHAPTER ONE



A New School



Parents and grandparents say that the years you spend at school are the best years of your life. Maybe it's true for some young people, but it wasn't like that for me... not at the beginning anyway.

My name is Alice May and I'm eleven years old. I lived with my family in London until my father got a new job in St Ives. We moved to beautiful Cornwall one summer.

This is my story.

The sun shone over St Ives, a seaside town in Cornwall. It was a busy fishing port. There were small stone houses and white sandy beaches. Lots of families lived there.

The town needed a bigger, more important school, so a famous architect designed a secondary school. The school was for children between the ages of eleven and eighteen. It was called The Fairbrother Academy.

The architect was very clever and he also loved music.

'Every school needs a concert hall with a stage and lights,' he said. The concert hall he created was wonderful. He also built a large gym, art studios, computer rooms and classrooms that were big and bright.

The outside of the school was beautiful. There was a large front door and lions around a fountain. There were gardens and playgrounds and birds sang in the trees.

Some of the children who came to The Fairbrother Academy didn't want to learn. They were not interested in French or Latin, Maths or History. They pushed their classmates in the playground and called them bad names. These children were good when they were at home with their parents, but terrible when they came to school.

I can hardly sleep before the first day at my new school The Fairbrother Academy. I am excited and nervous all at the same time.

In the morning, when I walk into my classroom, I see a group of girls. They are talking together. They stop speaking when I come in.

'Hello,' I say. 'I'm Alice.'

The girls don't smile. Their eyes are cold. One of the girls called Iris Fudge, who has an angry face, comes close. She looks at my long dark hair and blue eyes. Then she makes a scary face and runs back to her best friend Roxy Miller and the group of girls.

'Don't go near her. She bites!' Iris says.

They won't talk to me because I have braces on my teeth. They call me 'Shark Face'.

I don't look very happy when I arrive home from school. My parents see my sad face.

'How was school?' they ask.

'Fine,' I say.

They ask me about friends and I tell them about the girls in my class and the fun things we do together. It isn't true. I can't tell them what school is really like. If dad speaks to the teachers everything will become worse.

Every day there is trouble in our classroom. The bullies don't like children who are clever and do well at school or children who wear glasses. They want kids in their group who are not very nice to teachers. They like children who don't do their homework. They think only bad children are cool.

It isn't only the group of girls who are bullies. There is a boy gang too. Their leader is Dexter Crane. He's very tall. Dexter pushes his classmates when they are in the playground. His friends, Ajax McCoy and Blaze Fenton, watch and laugh. They stand behind him.

At home in our house, a little bird sings in the tree near my bedroom window. She sees me crying and I tell her what school is like. The little bird shakes her head. She doesn't like it at all.





CHAPTER TWO



Isadora Sunshine



The little bird flies across the fields, to an old house near the sea. The windows of the house are open and the little bird flies in and rests on a bookcase. It is Miss Sunshine's house.

Miss Isadora Sunshine has golden hair and bright green eyes. She is standing in front of a canvas, surrounded by paints and brushes. She is painting a picture of a storm and sailing boats.

She has paint on her face and on her clothes, but the painting is wonderful.

When Miss Sunshine sees the little bird fly in, she puts her brush on the table. She takes some bread and puts it in a dish. She brings the bird some water.

'How lovely to see you,' says Miss Sunshine. She knows from the way the bird jumps from one foot to the other that she has something important to tell her.

'Tell me. What's the matter?' she says.

Miss Sunshine sits on a chair and the little bird sings a sad song of trouble. When she finishes Miss Sunshine stands up.

'How sad,' she says. 'You were right to tell me. We can do something to help.'

Miss Sunshine packs a bag with music books, art brushes and strange musical instruments. She puts her bag in the car and starts the engine.

'Hold on tight,' she says to the little bird. 'It will only take forty-five minutes to drive to the school.'

She drives to St Ives.

Before I continue with the story, I must tell you about the head teacher at The Fairbrother Academy.

How can I describe him? He is not a handsome man. His face is a bit like your reflection when you look in a kettle - sort of squashed. He is thin, and has long legs. His name is James Weak and his name describes his character. He is weak by name and weak by nature. Some people say he is a good head teacher. Others say he doesn't answer his emails. He is busy in his office every day playing scrabble on his computer.

On this particular day his secretary, Miss Baxter, knocks on the door. 'There's a lady to see you.'

'Oh, really? I wasn't expecting anyone. What lady?' says Mr Weak.

'Miss Isadora Sunshine.'

Mr Weak looks up because the moment he hears the name 'Sunshine', he begins to feel happy. 'Send her in, Miss Baxter.'

Miss Isadora Sunshine is wearing a yellow dress and she smells of sweet flowers. She shakes Mr Weak's hand and sits down.

'I am here for the job of music teacher,' she says.

Mr Weak is confused. 'Um, I don't think there is a job as music teacher at the school.'

'Yes, there is,' shouts Miss Baxter from her office. 'You have an email this morning from the old music teacher', she says. She appears with a printed letter. 'He left yesterday.'

Mr Weak looks even more surprised. 'Well, then yes - there is a job at the school. We are looking for a music teacher.'

'I want good behaviour in the classroom,' says Miss Sunshine.

'Of course,' says Mr Weak. 'But we are a friendly school, Miss Sunshine. We allow children to call teachers by their first names.'

Miss Sunshine smiles and shakes her head. 'I'm sorry, Mr Weak, but I won't allow that in my classroom. Respect is very important and I am here as their teacher, not as their best friend.'

'I see,' says Mr Weak. He looks confused. 'There may be other candidates,' he says in a voice weak as water.

'Mr Weak, there are no other candidates and there is no one better than me.'

Mr Weak looks at Miss Sunshine. He agrees but he doesn't say anything.

'So,' Miss Sunshine says. 'If there are no more questions, I would like a copy of my timetable, so that I can start this minute.'





CHAPTER THREE



A Classroom of Sunshine



No one talks to me at school. I feel alone as I stand at the side of the playground. There are the cool kids and there are the ones people don't speak to - children who are different. I want to speak to them, but I'm afraid of Iris Fudge and her gang.

The teachers know there's trouble in our class but they don't see children push their classmates or hear the bad names. The bullies are clever. Sometimes we speak to a teacher, one who has an understanding face.

'Write everything down,' the teacher says to us. 'I will make a report and pass it on to the head teacher.'

We write a letter but nothing happens. Things are getting worse. The bullies can contact me in cyberspace at every moment of the day and night. Why can't they leave me alone!

And then Miss Sunshine comes into my life.

Children stop talking and texting when she walks into the music room in her yellow dress. Her hair is long and golden. She ties it with a silk scarf. She smiles at us and looks at every child.

She says, 'Good Morning,' then waits.

We look at each other. Why is she waiting? Then we realise and we stand up. Dexter is the last one to stand up. He doesn't look happy.

'No phones during my lesson.' Miss Sunshine has a box and envelopes with our names on. We don't want to give her our phones. Dexter and Ajax are angry.

When Miss Sunshine walks past us there is a lovely perfume. It's the smell of grass and sweet summer flowers. She asks us our names and doesn't forget them. When she gives us our homework we have to say 'thank you.'

It's our first music lesson and Miss Sunshine wants us to speak about music. 'What music do you like?'

Roxy stands up. 'I hate classical music.'

'Hate is a very strong word, Roxy. We don't hate anyone or anything. Why don't you like classical music?'

'There are too many notes,' she says and her friends laugh.

'I understand your opinion, Roxy. Classical music is difficult. There are a lot of notes.'

'I play jazz with my piano teacher,' Roxy says.

I can feel surprise in the classroom and I see Miss Sunshine smiling. 'Good,' she says.

'What about rap music?' Ajax McCoy says. 'Now rap music is clever.'

'Why is it clever, Ajax?' Miss Sunshine asks.

'Rap artists' songs are like poetry. Each rap song has a message.'

'I like musical theatre,' says Blaze.

'I saw the musical Cats once,' says Ajax.

'Any other important musicians?' asks Miss Sunshine.

Someone says 'The Beatles.' The class says 'No.'

'You're right,' says Miss Sunshine. 'The Beatles were important for all the music that came after them.'

'What about Ed Sh-Sh-Sheeran,' says Naomi with a stutter. She never speaks.

'Excellent, Naomi. Ed Sheeran was really good at music when he was a small child, like Mozart. He started singing in his local church at the age of four.'

Everyone is good in that first lesson. It's the second lesson when it all begins to go wrong.





CHAPTER FOUR



Imagine



Miss Sunshine's eyes are cold as she stands in the door of the classroom. A paper aeroplane flies through the air and lands at her feet. Dexter pulls a small boy's arm behind his back. Two other boys are fighting. Girls are shouting. There's so much noise.

Miss Sunshine walks to the teacher's desk, but the noise doesn't stop. She takes a whistle from her bag and blows it. The sound makes the whole class stop and look at their teacher.

'Good morning,' Miss Sunshine says. She waits for the class to stand. Some of the boys sit in their chairs. They are writing texts on their phones or listening to music. Blaze is humming.

'I see,' says Miss Sunshine. She speaks only to the children who are standing. 'Can you bring your chairs round the piano?'

I take my chair and sit next to Emma. She's a sweet girl who works hard. She's clever and they laugh at her because she wears glasses.

I don't know what Miss Sunshine will do about the other children.

She takes some paper from her bag and gives a sheet of paper to Dexter, Ajax, Blaze, Roxy and Iris.

'I would like you to write me a few paragraphs on The Music I Like,' she says. She walks away. They don't say anything.

She looks at us and says 'Take a deep breath.'

Someone laughs, but Miss Sunshine closes her eyes for a moment. 'Stand up.'

We all stand.

'Shoulders down, stand tall, straight backs.'

We sing some scales. Our music lessons are a lot of fun. Our old teacher didn't let us sing in music lessons.

There are some things in this world that are amazing. I love singing to a real piano. Miss Sunshine plays really well and then she gives us the music to Imagine by John Lennon. We don't look at the words. We know them. We put the music down and sing from memory.

Miss Sunshine asks if anyone would like to sing a solo. The girls whisper 'Emma'. Shy little Emma, who is clever and wears glasses, has a wonderful voice.

And it's strange because now Dexter, Ajax, Blaze, Roxy and Iris are alone.

They are miserable and we are smiling and having fun.

At the end of the lesson Miss Sunshine collects the sheets of blank paper. She tells them to stay behind.

'I want to speak to each of you,' she says.

'But we'll miss the school bus home,' says Iris. 'My mum will be angry.'

'The driver will return and take you home later. I'll phone your parents and explain everything.'

Roxy gives Iris a killer look and they become even more miserable.

For the first time, I run laughing out of school with Emma. We are smiling and singing Imagine.





CHAPTER FIVE



Feeling Good



The next morning we go into the music room. I don't know what Miss Sunshine said to Dexter and the others yesterday, but the mood is better. There is more respect. Roxy and Ajax are sitting quietly. They aren't sending text messages. Blaze isn't humming. Dexter isn't rocking on two legs of his chair.

I hope we are going to sing round the piano, but Miss Sunshine takes an unusual object from her bag. 'This is a singing bowl,' she says. 'When I run this wooden stick around the bowl, it makes a sound like a bell. This bowl is very old. Listen carefully until you can't hear the sound anymore.'

The singing bowl makes a mysterious sound. It sings in my head. About a minute passes. There is complete silence in the classroom.

'What can you hear?' Miss Sunshine whispers.

'Nothing at all, Miss,' says Emma.

'Remember that there is silence in music too and moments of silence are important in our lives. Sound and music can help and mindfulness helps your brain to work better. Let's make a brain.'

What! We look at each other.

'Put one hand in the air,' says Miss Sunshine. 'Now put your thumb across and curl your fingers over the top - this is the brain.'

'Cool,' says Ajax.

'The mind is complex. It talks. Sometimes there's a lot of stress in our heads.'

'My brain is always talking to me,' says Ajax.

'That's fine, everyone's brain talks,' says Miss Sunshine. 'We can help our brain relax when we are kind to other people. It makes us feel good.'

'Singing makes me feel good. Can we sing again, Miss?' asks Ruby.

'Of course we can. Bring your chairs closer to the piano.'

Miss Sunshine gets us to sing some scales.

Miss Sunshine asks Roxy to play the piano. Roxy looks shy at first and says she's too embarrassed to play in front of everyone.

When Miss Sunshine says that Roxy can play some jazz, she jumps up. Roxy has got great rhythm. She's really good. I didn't know she had this talent.

We sing a song my mum likes, You've got a Friend by Carole King. I like the words of this song and singing together makes us feel more united as a class.

Singing and mindfulness are helping. My brain feels better by the end of class. I'm less stressed and more relaxed. When the bell rings, we skip to our next lesson.





CHAPTER SIX



Fire!



Dexter and I sit near each other every day on the bus. We get on and off at the same stop but he doesn't walk with me. He walks far behind me. He kicks stones along the road. I hurry ahead because I want to get home.

I know where Dexter lives. I pass his house every day, but this afternoon as I look across his front garden, I stop.

'Dexter,' I shout. 'Quick. Hurry! There's a fire!' My voice is high. I am afraid.

He starts to run. Together we run towards the smoke and flames.

'Who's in there?' I say.

'Mum and my little sister. She's only three.'

I pull my phone out of my pocket and dial 999. I shout 'fire' when they ask me what service I need. I try to breathe slowly and calm myself down. My voice is shaking when I give them the address.

Dexter opens the front door and there's lots of black smoke.

'I'm going in,' he says.

'Wait!' I run to an outside tap and hold my scarf under the water. I run back and tie the scarf around Dexter's nose and mouth. I pull my jacket up over my mouth. 'I'm coming with you.'

He pushes me back. 'No, you're not. It's too dangerous. I know where mum and my sister will be.'

Then he goes inside and all I can do is cry and wait.

One minute, two minutes pass. It seems longer. The fire brigade arrives, then two ambulances. Dexter appears through the smoke. He is carrying his sister. His hands are burned, but he wants to go back for his mother.

'Leave it to us,' says a fireman. Firemen pull Dexter away from the burning house. He doesn't want to leave. They lift Dexter and his sister into the ambulance and put on the emergency blue light. That scares me.

A fireman appears carrying a woman. And at that moment there's an explosion.

'Move away from here. It isn't safe.' A fireman says to me. I can smell fire on my clothes and in my hair. There's nothing for me to do. I walk home.

Dexter is away from school for ten days and when he returns he has bandages on his hands. Everyone is pleased to see him, especially Miss Sunshine.

'How is your mother and your little sister?' she asks.

Dexter smiles. 'They're doing well. The doctors are great. They are still in hospital but they will be home soon.'

'So, you are living with your grandma.'

Dexter smiles again. 'Yeah, she's lovely. We'll be there for a while until the builders repair our house.'

'You were very brave, Dexter,' Miss Sunshine says.

Dexter looks at his shoes. 'Not really. I was scared when I went into the house. I couldn't see anything and it was really hot in there.'

'Do the police know what started the fire?' Miss Sunshine asks.

'They don't know.' Dexter looks around the classroom for me. 'Alice was there. She gave me her scarf to put over my mouth. It's the smoke that kills. You saved my life. Thanks, Alice.'

And our class cheer and I'm crying. Dexter is looking down and trying not to cry.

'I have something, for both of you.' Miss Sunshine gives Dexter a large package and a smaller one to me. Dexter's is a violin... a really good one. I can see he's pleased.

'It's awesome!' he says. 'I love it.'

'I don't play the violin anymore. I want you to play it.'

Miss Sunshine turns to the class. 'I don't think you know that Dexter is very talented. He plays jazz violin very well.'

She looks at Dexter. 'You can't play at the moment. Will you play for us when your hands are better?'

Dexter smiles. 'Of course.'

In my package there is a ukulele.

'For the ukulele band we're starting,' Miss Sunshine says. 'It's easy to learn and I want the band to play in the school musical.'

'A musical!' everyone says together. We all smile.





CHAPTER SEVEN



Everyone Has a Talent



My world is different and everything is better. We all talk about the musical. We don't walk to classes, we dance along the corridors. Ajax, who's good with words, is writing the story and we practice the songs every day. Our voices are better, stronger with Miss Sunshine teaching us. Mr Weak hums when he passes the music room.

'Everyone has a talent. You just have to find it,' Miss Sunshine says during our lesson.

She's right. There are so many people in our class who have a special talent. Iris Fudge is a brilliant dancer. We didn't know. I love watching her when she's dancing. She becomes someone else, so beautiful and full of life. She's practising after school every day with some girls who study ballet.

People who are good at art are painting the scenery.

And me? I'm singing in the chorus and learning the ukulele in my free time. I follow lessons online and I practise in my bedroom.

Dexter is responsible for the orchestra and their rehearsals. He's very musical. He has a great feel for rhythm. And he's changed! He's kind to people and that can make you feel good.

And the funny thing is that Dexter is different physically too. His eyes are not small and hard. They are soft. He looks taller, more responsible. He smiles a lot. Dexter is someone I can trust.

He's playing the violin again now that his hands are better. The sound he makes is beautiful. When he plays I feel happy.

We travel home together on the bus and he talks about the music and performers he loves. He wants to go to Music College in London when he finishes school.

'How often do you practise?' I ask him.

'Every day. An hour before school and a couple of hours when I get home.'

'Wow!' I say.

'If I work really hard, I'll pass the audition.'

'And then what?' I ask.

'A career in music, I think,' he says. 'I can play in an orchestra or form my own jazz group. What do you want to do, Alice?'

'I want to be a doctor,' I say in a small voice.

We sit in silence for a minute and I start to panic. I'm expecting him to laugh and return to the old Dexter. But he smiles.

'You'll do it, Alice. It won't be easy and you'll have to work hard, but I know you'll do it.'

And I'm not sure why, but I feel strange.





CHAPTER EIGHT



The Talent Scout



There is no bullying anymore and there is more respect for the teachers. The school magazine is all about the musical - interviews with the cast and with Ajax. The story is about people who are different. We can't all be the same. The message is to be kind to someone every day. Most of all it is about the power of friendship.

Tickets are sold out for all five performances and we are all excited. I'm playing the ukulele in one song and I'm singing in the chorus. The songs make us happy. We are full of confidence. School has a greater purpose.

'This is your musical,' Miss Sunshine says. 'Smile and enjoy the evening.'

We are nervous as we wait. It's five minutes before the musical starts and I look round the curtain at the audience. The concert hall is full. Why have all those parents brought video cameras?

The music starts. This is it. We step into another world of lights and costumes. And little shy Emma sings beautifully on stage. It's a new and exciting experience. A live performance is very different. We can hear the audience laugh and clap. It's great to see their reaction. Their eyes are wide, their faces are smiling, they are enjoying every moment. I can see my parents surprise when the chorus sings. We are fantastic.

We sing and dance for five nights. On the first night Mr Weak gives flowers to Miss Sunshine and the other teachers. We have a party. We are happy!

One morning Miss Sunshine comes into the music room. She has something to tell us. She closes her eyes until there's silence, then opens them again.

'An American talent scout came to one of your performances.'

She can see we don't understand what a talent scout is. She tries again. 'A talent scout is someone who recognises great talent and promotes it.'

'Oooooh,' we all say.

'His name is Addison Bell. He's a friend of mine and he came to talk to me at the end of the musical. He's American, from Los Angeles. He wants to take your musical to Hollywood this summer!

Silence. Then there are cheers and laughter and crying.

'He thinks there's great talent in this show and he wants American children to hear your message of friendship,' Miss Sunshine says.

The summer holidays arrive and we fly to Hollywood. Limousines pick us up at the airport. I feel like a celebrity when I walk the red carpet entrance to the Beverly Hills Hotel. It's great. There's a pool surrounded by palm trees in tropical gardens. Dexter is happy because musicians play jazz in the restaurant. There isn't much free time, but when we do have a moment we watch people and Lamborghinis in the city centre. Rehearsals are going well and we will perform in a theatre.

It's our first night tomorrow and we are all excited. I don't want this to end. I don't want to come back down to earth. But with Miss Sunshine in our lives, what will happen next?

And I suppose you think this is the end of my story, but not quite.

Music is a powerful force and I love Dexter's violin playing. We spend a lot of time together. We watch the sunsets, we laugh and talk. When his hand touches mine and our fingers meet, we don't let go.





- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!

The Beginning



In late afternoon, in the autumn of 1989, I'm at my desk, looking at a blinking cursor on the computer screen before me, and the telephone rings.

On the other end of the wire is a former Iowan1 named Michael Johnson. He lives in Florida now. A friend from Iowa has sent him one of my books. Michael Johnson has read it; his sister, Carolyn, has read it; and they have a story in which they think I might be interested. He is careful, refusing to say anything about the story, except that he and Carolyn are willing to travel to Iowa to talk with me about it.

So I agree to meet with them in Des Moines the following week. At a Holiday Inn near the airport, the introductions are made, and the two of them sit across from me, evening coming down outside, light snow falling.

They insist on a promise: If I decide not to write the story, I must agree never to mention what happened in Madison County, Iowa, in 1965 or other events that followed over the next twenty-four years. All right, that's reasonable. After all, it's their story, not mine.



So I listen. I listen hard, and I ask hard questions. And they talk. On and on they talk. Carolyn cries openly at times, Michael struggles not to. They show me documents and magazine clippings and a set of journals written by their mother, Francesca.



Room service comes and goes. Extra coffee is ordered. As they talk, I begin to see the images. First, you must have the images, then come the words. And I begin to hear the words, begin to see them on pages of writing. Sometime just after midnight, I agree to write the story - or at least attempt it.

Their decision to make this information public was a difficult one for them. The circumstances are delicate, involving their mother and touching upon their father. Michael and Carolyn recognized that the story going public might result in dirty gossip and affect good memories people have of Richard and Francesca Johnson.

Yet in a world where personal commitment in all of its forms seems to be destroyed and love has become a matter of convenience, they both felt this remarkable tale was worth the telling. I believed then, and I believe even more strongly now, they were correct making this decision.

In the course of my research and writing, I asked to meet with Michael and Carolyn three more times. On each occasion, and without complaint, they traveled to Iowa. Such was their eagerness to make sure the story was told accurately. Sometimes we merely talked; sometimes we slowly drove the roads of Madison County while they pointed out places having a significant role in the story.



In addition to the help provided by Michael and Carolyn, the story as I tell it here is based on information contained in the journals of Francesca Johnson; research carried out in Madison County, Iowa; information obtained from the photographic essays of Robert Kincaid; and long discussions with several wonderful elderly people in Ohio, who remembered Kincaid from his boyhood days.



In spite of the effort, gaps remain. I have added a little of my own imagination in some instances, but only when I felt I had gained the intimate familiarity with Francesca Johnson and Robert Kincaid through my research. I am confident that I have come very close to what actually happened.

One major gap involves the exact details of a trip made across the northern United States by Kincaid. We knew he made this journey, based on a number of photographs published, a brief mention of it by Francesca Johnson in her journals, and handwritten notes he left with a magazine editor. Using these sources as my guide, I retraced what I believe was the path he took from Bellingham to Madison County in August of 1965. Driving toward Madison County at the end of my travels, I felt I had, in many ways, become Robert Kincaid.

Still, trying to truly understand Kincaid was the most challenging part of my research and writing. He is an elusive figure. At times, he seems rather ordinary. At other times ethereal. In his work, he was a consummate professional. Yet he saw himself as a peculiar kind of male animal becoming obsolete in a world given over to increasing amounts of organization.



Two other intriguing questions are still unanswered. First, we have been unable to know what became of Kincaid's photographic files. Given the nature of his work, there must have been thousands, probably hundreds of thousands, of photographs. These never have been found. Our best guess - and this would be logical to the way he saw himself and his place in the world - is that he destroyed them before his death.



The second question deals with his life from 1975 to 1982. Very little information is available. We know he earned a sparse living as a portrait photographer in Seattle for several years and continued to photograph the Puget Sound area. Other than that, we have nothing.

Preparing and writing this book has altered my world view, transformed the way I think, and, most of all, reduced my level of cynicism about what is possible in the arena of human relationships. Coming to know Francesca Johnson and Robert Kincaid, I find the boundaries of such relationships can be extended farther than I previously thought. Perhaps you will have the same experience in reading this story.

That will not be easy. In an increasingly callous world, I'm not sure where great passion leaves off and mawkishness begins. But our tendency to laugh at the possibility of deep feelings makes it difficult to enter the realm of gentleness to understand the story of Francesca Johnson and Robert Kincaid. I know I had to overcome that tendency initially before I could begin writing.

If, however, you manage to suspend your disbelief, as Coleridge put it, I am confident you will experience what I have experienced. And deep in your heart, you may even find, as Francesca Johnson did, room to dance again.



Summer 1991





Robert Kincaid



On the morning of August 8, 1965, Robert Kincaid locked the door to his small two-room apartment on the third floor of a house in Bellingham, Washington. He carried a knapsack full of photography equipment and a suitcase down wooden stairs and through a hallway to the back, where his old Chevrolet pickup truck was parked in a space reserved for residents of the building.

Another knapsack, a medium-size ice chest, two tripods, cartons of Camel cigarettes, a Thermos, and a bag of fruit were already inside. In the truck box was a guitar case. Kincaid arranged the knapsacks on the seat and put the cooler and tripods on the floor. He climbed into the truck box, stepped in behind the wheel, lit a Camel, and went through his mental checklist: two hundred rolls of film; tripods; cooler; three cameras and five lenses; jeans and khaki slacks; shirts. Okay. Anything else he could buy on the road if he had forgotten it.



Kincaid wore faded Levi's, well-used field boots, a khaki shirt, and orange suspenders. On his wide leather belt was fastened a Swiss Army knife in its own case.



He looked at his watch: eight-seventeen. The truck started on the second try, and he backed out, shifted gears, and moved slowly down the alley under hazy sun. Through the streets of Bellingham he went, heading south on Washington 112, running along the coast of Puget Sound for a few miles, then following the highway before meeting U.S. Route 20.

Turning into the sun, he began the long, winding drive through the Cascades. He liked this country and felt impressed, stopping now and then to make notes about interesting possibilities for future expeditions or to shoot what he called "memory snapshots." The purpose of these photographs was to remind him of places he might want to visit again and approach more seriously.

He wished for the thousandth time in his life that he had a dog, a golden retriever, maybe, for travels like this and to keep him company at home. But he was frequently away, overseas much of the time, and it would not be fair to the animal. Still, he thought about it anyway. In a few years, he would be getting too old for the hard fieldwork. "I might get a dog then," he said to the coniferous green rolling by his truck window.



Drives like this always put him into a taking-stock mood. The dog was part of it. Robert Kincaid was as alone as it's possible to be - an only child, parents both dead, distant relatives who had lost track of him and he of them, no close friends.



He knew the names of the man who owned the corner market in Bellingham and the proprietor of the photographic store where he bought his supplies. He also had formal, professional relationships with several magazine editors. Other than that, he knew scarcely anyone well, nor they him. Gypsies make difficult friends for ordinary people, and he was something of a gypsy.

He thought about Marian. She had left him nine years ago after five years of marriage. He was fifty-two now; that would make her just under forty. Marian had dreams of becoming a musician, a folksinger. She knew all of the Weavers' songs and sang them pretty well in the coffeehouses of Seattle. When he was home in the old days, he drove her to gigs and sat in the audience while she sang.

His long absences - two or three months sometimes - were hard on the marriage. He knew that. She was aware of what he did when they decided to get married, and each of them had a vague sense that it could all be handled somehow. It couldn't. When he came home from photographing a story in Iceland, she was gone. The note read: "Robert, it didn't work out. I left you the Harmony guitar. Stay in touch."

He didn't stay in touch. Neither did she. He signed the divorce papers when they arrived a year later and caught a plane for Australia the next day. She had asked for nothing except her freedom.



At Montana, he stopped for the night, late. The Cozy Inn looked inexpensive, and was. He carried his gear into a room containing two table lamps, one of which had a burned-out bulb. Lying in bed, he was reading The Green Hills of Africa' and drinking a beer. In the morning, he jogged for forty minutes, did fifty push-ups, and used his cameras as small hand weights to complete the routine.



Across the top of Montana, he drove, into North Dakota and the spare, flat country he found as fascinating as the mountains or the sea. There was a kind of austere beauty to this place, and he stopped several times, set up a tripod, and shot some black-and-whites of old farm buildings. This landscape appealed to his minimalist leanings. The Indian reservations were depressing, for all of the reasons everybody knows and ignores. Those kinds of settlements were no better in northwestern Washington, though, or anywhere else, he had seen them.

On the morning of August 14, he sliced northeast and took a back road up to Hibbing and the iron mines. Red dust floated in the air, and there were big machines and trains specially designed to carry the ore to Lake Superior. He spent an afternoon looking around Hibbing and found it not to his liking, even if Bob Dylan was from there originally.



The only song of Dylan's he had ever really cared for was "Girl from the North Country." He could play and sing that one and he hummed the words to himself as he left behind the place with giant red holes in the earth. Marian had shown him some chords and how to handle basic arpeggios to accompany himself. "She left me with more than I left her," he said once to a boozy riverboat pilot. And it was true.



The Superior National Forest was nice, real nice. Voyageur country. When he was young, he'd wished the old voyageur days were not over so he could become one. He drove by meadows, saw three moose, a red fox, and lots of deer. At a pond, he stopped and shot some reflections on the water made by an odd-shaped tree branch. When he finished he sat on the board of his truck, drinking coffee, smoking a Camel, and listening to the wind in the birch trees.

"It would be good to have someone, a woman," he thought, watching the smoke from his cigarette blow out over the pond. "Getting older puts you in that frame of mind." But with him gone so much, it would be tough on the one left at home. He'd already learned that.

When he was home in Bellingham, he occasionally dated the creative director for a Seattle advertising agency. He had met her while doing a corporate job. She was forty-two, bright, and a nice person, but he didn't love her, would never love her.



Sometimes they both got a little lonely, though, and would spend an evening together, going to a movie, having a few beers, and making pretty decent love later on. She'd been around - two marriages, worked as a waitress in several bars while attending college. Every time, after they'd completed their lovemaking and were lying together, she'd tell him, "You're the best, Robert, no competition, nobody even close."



He supposed that was a good thing for a man to hear, but he was not all that experienced and had no way of knowing whether or not she was telling the truth anyway. But she did say something one time that haunted him: "Robert, there's a creature inside of you that I'm not good enough to bring out, not strong enough to reach'. I sometimes have the feeling you've been here a long time, more than one lifetime, and that you've lived in private places none of the rest of us has even dreamed about. You frighten me, even though you're gentle with me."

He knew in an obscure way what she was talking about. But he couldn't get his hands on it himself. He'd had these kinds of thoughts, a sense of the tragic combined with intense physical and intellectual power, even as a young boy growing up in a small Ohio town. When other kids were singing "Row, Row, Row Your Boat," he was learning the melody and English words to a French cabaret song.

He liked words and images. "Blue" was one of his favorite words. He liked the feeling it made on his lips and tongue when he said it. Words have physical feeling, not just meaning, he remembered thinking when he was young. He liked other words, such as "distant," "wood-smoke," "highway," "ancient," "passage," "voyageur," and "India" for how they sounded, how they tasted, and what they conjured up in his mind. He kept lists of words he liked posted in his room.

Then he joined the words into phrases and posted those as well:



Too close to the fire.

I came from the East with a small band of travelers.

The constant chirping of those who would save me and those who would sell me.

Talisman, Talisman, show me your secrets. Helmsman, Helmsman, turn me for home.

Lying naked where blue whales swim.

Before I became a man, I was an arrow - long time ago.



Then there were the places whose names he liked: the Somali Current, the Big Hatchet Mountains, the Malacca Strait, and a long list of others. The sheets of paper with words and phrases and places eventually covered the walls of his room.

Even his mother noticed something different about him. He never spoke a word until he was three, then began talking in complete sentences, and he could read extremely well by five. In school, he was an indifferent student, frustrating the teachers.



They looked at his IQ scores and talked to him about achievement, about doing what he was capable of doing, that he could become anything he wanted to become. One of his high school teachers wrote the following in an evaluation of him: "He believes that 'IQ tests are a poor way to judge people's abilities'. I suggest a conference with his parents." His mother met with several teachers. When the teachers talked about Robert's stubborn behavior, she said, "Robert lives in a world of his own making. I know he's my son, but I sometimes have the feeling that he came not from my husband and me, but from another place to which he's trying to return. I appreciate your interest in him, and I'll try once more to encourage him to do better in school."



But he had been content to read all the adventure and travel books in the local library and kept to himself otherwise, spending days along the river that ran through the edge of town, ignoring proms and football games and other things that bored him. He fished and swam and walked and lay in long grass listening to distant voices he fancied only he could hear. "There are wizards out there," he used to say to himself. "If you're quiet and open enough to hear them, they're out there." And he wished he had a dog to share these moments.

There was no money for college. And no desire for it, either. His father worked hard and was good to his mother and him, but the job in a factory didn't leave much for other things, including the care of a dog. He was eighteen when his father died, so with the Great Depression bearing down hard, he enlisted in the army as a way of supporting his mother and himself. He stayed there four years, but those four years changed his life.

He was assigned to a job, as photographer's assistant, though he had no idea of even how to load a camera. But in that work, he discovered his profession. The technical details were easy for him. Within a month, he was not only doing the darkroom work for two of the staff photographers, but also was allowed to shoot simple projects himself.



Robert Kincaid checked out photo books and art books from the town library and studied them. Early on, he particularly liked the French impressionists and Rembrandt's use of light.



Eventually he began to see that light was what he photographed, not objects. The objects merely were the vehicles for reflecting the light. If the light was good, you could always find something to photograph. The 35-millimeter camera was beginning to emerge then, and he purchased a used Leica at a local camera store. He took it down to New Jersey, and spent a week of his leave there photographing life along the shore.

He began keeping notes of his camera settings and places he wanted to visit again. When he came out of the army at twenty-two, he was a pretty decent shooter and found work in New York assisting a well-known fashion photographer.

The female models were beautiful; he dated a few and fell partially in love with one before she moved to Paris and they drifted apart. She had said to him: "Robert, I don't know who or what you are for sure, but please come visit me in Paris." He told her he would, meant it when he said it, but never got there. Years later when he was doing a story on the beaches of Normandy, he found her name in the Paris book, called, and they had coffee at an outdoor cafe. She was married to a cinema director and had three children.



He couldn't get very keen on the idea of fashion. People threw away perfectly good clothes or hastily had them made over according to the instructions of European fashion dictators. It seemed dumb to him, and he felt lessened doing the photography. "You are what you produce," he said as he left this work.



His mother died during his second year in New York. He went back to Ohio, buried her, and sat before a lawyer, listening to the reading of the will. There wasn't much. He didn't expect there would be anything. But he was surprised to find his parents had accumulated a little fortune in the tiny house where they had lived all their married lives. He sold the house and bought first-class equipment with the money. As he paid the camera salesman, he thought of the years his father had worked for those dollars and the plain life his parents had led.

Some of his work began to appear in small magazines. Then National Geographic called. They had seen a calendar shot he had taken out in Maine. He talked with them, got a minor assignment, executed it professionally, and was on his way.



The military asked him back in 1943. He went with the marines and slogged his way up South Pacific beaches, cameras swinging from his shoulders, lying on his back, photographing the men coming off amphibious landing craft. He saw the terror on their faces, felt it himself. Saw them cut in two by machine-gun fire, saw them plead to God and their mothers for help. He got it all, survived, and never got drawn by glory and romance of war photography.



Coming out of the service in 1945, he called National Geographic. They were ready for him, anytime. He bought a motorcycle in San Francisco, then turned north to explore Washington. He liked it there and decided to make it his base.

Now, at fifty-two, he was still watching the light. He had been to most of the places posted on his boyhood walls and felt happy when he visited them.

The Lake Superior shore was as nice as he'd heard it was. He marked down several locations for future reference, took some shots to jog his memory later on, and headed south along the Mississippi River toward Iowa. He'd never been to Iowa but was taken with the hills of the northeast part along the big river.

Cutting over to U.S. Route 65, he went through Des Moines early on a Monday morning, August 16, 1965, turned west at Iowa 92 and headed for Madison County and the covered bridges that were supposed to be there, according to National Geographic. They were there all right, the man in the Texaco station said so and gave him directions to all seven.

The first six were easy to find as he mapped out his strategy for photographing them. The seventh, a place called Roseman Bridge, eluded him. It was hot, he was hot, Harry - his truck - was hot, and he was wandering around on gravel roads that seemed to lead nowhere except to the next gravel road.



In foreign countries, his rule of thumb was, "Ask three times." He had discovered that three responses, even if they all were wrong, gradually vectored you in to where you wanted to go. Maybe twice would be enough here.



A mailbox was coming up, sitting at the end of a lane about one hundred yards long. The name on the box read "Richard Johnson, RR 2." He slowed down and turned up the lane, looking for guidance.

When he drove into the yard, a woman was sitting on the front porch. It looked cool there, and she was drinking something that looked even cooler. She came off the porch toward him. He stepped from the truck and looked at her, looked closer, and then closer still. She was lovely, or had been at one time, or could be again. And immediately he began to feel the old clumsiness he always suffered around women to whom he was attracted.





Francesca



Deep autumn was birthday time for Francesca, and cold rain beat against her house in the south Iowa countryside. She watched the rain, thinking of Richard. He had died on a day like this, eight years ago, from something with a name she would rather not remember. But Francesca thought of him now and his kindness, his steady ways, and the life he had given her.



The children had called. Neither of them could come home again this year for her birthday, though it was her sixty-seventh. She understood, as she always did. Always had. Always would. They were both in midcareer, running hard, managing a hospital, teaching students, Michael starting his second marriage, Carolyn struggling with her first. Secretly she was glad they never seemed to arrange a visit on her birthday; she had her own ceremonies reserved for that day.



This morning her friends from Winterset had stopped by with a birthday cake. Francesca made coffee, while the talk ran to grandchildren and the town, to Thanksgiving and what to get for Christmas for whom. The quiet laughter and the rise and fall of conversation from the living room were comforting and reminded Francesca of one small reason why she had stayed here after Richard's death.

Michael had touted Florida, Carolyn New England. But she had remained in the hills of south Iowa, on the land, keeping her old address for a special reason, and she was glad she had done that.

Francesca had watched her friends leave at lunchtime. They drove their Buicks and Fords down the lane, turned onto the paved county road, and headed toward Winterset, wiper blades pushing aside the rain. They were good friends, though they would never understand what lay inside of her, would not understand even if she told them.

Her husband had said she would find good friends, when he brought her here after the war, from Naples. He said, "Iowans have their faults, but one of them is not lack of caring." And that was true, is true.



She had been twenty-five when .they met - out of the university for three years, teaching at a private school for girls, wondering about her life. Most of the young Italian men were dead or injured or in POW camps. Her affair with Niccolo, a professor of art at the university, who painted all day and took her on wild, reckless tours of the underside of Naples at night, had been over for a year, by the strong disapproval of her traditional parents.



She wore ribbons in her black hair and had her sweet dreams. But no handsome sailors were looking for her, no voices came up to her window from the streets below. Finally, she recognized that her choices were limited. Richard offered a reasonable alternative: kindness and the sweet promise of America.

She had studied him in his soldier's uniform as they sat in a cafe in the Mediterranean sunlight, saw him looking earnestly at her in his way, and came to Iowa with him. Came to have his children, to watch Michael play football on cold October nights, to take Carolyn to Des Moines for her prom dresses. She exchanged letters with her sister in Naples several times each year and had returned there twice, when each of her parents had died. But Madison County was home now, and she had no wish to go back again.

The rain stopped in mid-afternoon, then resumed its ways just before evening. In the twilight, Francesca poured a small glass of brandy and opened the bottom drawer of Richard's desk. She took out a manila envelope and brushed her hand across it slowly, as she did each year on this day.



The postmark read "Seattle, WA, Sep 12 '65." She always looked at the postmark first. That was part of the ritual. Then to the address written in longhand: "Francesca Johnson, RR 2, Winterset, Iowa." Next the return address, carelessly scrabbled in the upper left: "Box 642, Bellingham, Washington." She sat in a chair by the window, looked at the addresses which contained the movement of his hands, and she wanted to bring back the feel of those hands on her twenty-two years ago.



When she could feel his hands touching her, she opened the envelope, carefully removed three letters, two photographs, and a complete issue of National Geographic along with clippings from other issues of the magazine. There, in gray light, she sipped her brandy, looking over the rim of her glass to the handwritten note clipped on one of the letters. The letter was on his stationery, that said only "Robert Kincaid, Writer-Photographer" at the top.



September 10, 1965

Dear Francesca,

Enclosed are two photographs. One is the shot I took of you in the pasture at sunrise. I hope you like it as much as I do. The other is of Roseman Bridge before I removed your note tacked to it.

I sit here recalling every detail, every moment, of our time together. I ask myself over and over, "What happened to me in Madison County, Iowa?" And I struggle to bring it together.

I look down the barrel of a lens, and you 're at the end of it. I begin work on an article, and I'm writing about you. I'm not even sure how I got back here from Iowa. Somehow, the old truck brought me home, yet I barely remember the miles going by.

A few weeks ago, I felt self-contained, reasonably content. Maybe not really happy, maybe a little lonely, but at least content. All of that has changed.



It's clear to me now that I have been moving toward you and you toward me for a long time. Though neither of us was aware of the other before we met, there was a kind of mindless certainty that we would come together. Like two solitary birds flying the great prairies, all of these years and lifetimes we have been moving toward one another.



The road is a strange place. Driving along, I looked up and you were there walking across the grass toward my truck on an August day. In retrospect, it seems inevitable - it could not have been any other way - a case of what I call the high probability of the improbable

So here, I am walking around with another person inside of me. And lam stalked now by that other entity.

Somehow, we must see each other again. Anyplace, anytime.

Call me if you ever need anything or simply want to see me. I'll be there, pronto. Let me know if you can come out here sometime - anytime. I can arrange plane fare, if that's a problem. I'm off to southeast India next week, but I'll be back in late October.

I Love You,

Robert

P. S. The photo project in Madison County turned out fine. Look for it in NG next year. Or tell me if you want me to send a copy of the issue when it's published.



Francesca Johnson set her brandy glass on the wide oak windowsill and stared at an eight-by-ten black-and-white photograph of herself. Sometimes it was hard for her to remember how she had looked then, twenty-two years ago. In tight faded jeans, sandals, and a white T-shirt, her hair blowing in the morning wind as she leaned against a fence post.



Through the rain, from her place by the window, she could see the post where the old fence still went around the pasture. When she rented out the land, after Richard died, she insisted that the pasture must be kept intact, left untouched, even though it was empty now and had turned to meadow grass.



The first serious lines were just beginning to show on her face in the photograph. His camera had found them. Still, she was pleased with what she saw. Her hair was black, and her body was full and warm, filling out the jeans just about right. Yet it was her face at which she stared. It was the face of a woman in love with the man taking the picture.

She could see him clearly also, down the flow of her memory. Each year she ran all of the images through her mind, remembering everything, forgetting nothing. He was tall and thin and hard, and he moved like the grass itself, without effort, gracefully. His silver-gray hair hung well below his ears and nearly always looked disheveled, as if he had just come in from a long sea voyage through a stiff wind and had tried to brush it into place with his hands.

His narrow face, high cheekbones, and hair falling over his forehead set off light blue eyes that seemed never to stop looking for the next photograph. He had smiled at her, saying how fine and warm she looked in early light, asked her to lean against the post, and then moved around her in a wide arc, shooting from knee level, then standing, then lying on his back with the camera pointed up at her.

She had been slightly embarrassed at the amount of film he used but pleased by the amount of attention he paid to her. She hoped none of the neighbors were out early on their tractors. Though on that particular morning she hadn't cared too much about neighbors and what they thought.

He shot, loaded film, changed lenses, changed cameras, shot some more, and talked quietly to her as he worked, always telling her how good she looked to him and how much he loved her. "Francesca, you're incredibly beautiful." Sometimes he stopped and just stared at her, through her, around her, inside of her.

Her nipples were clearly outlined where they pressed against the cotton T-shirt. She had been strangely unconcerned about that, about being naked under the shirt. More, she was glad of it and was warmed knowing that he could see her breasts so clearly down his lenses. N ever would she have dressed this way around Richard. He would not have approved.

Robert had asked her to arch her back ever so slightly, and he had whispered then, "Yes, yes, that's it, stay there." That was when he had taken the photograph at which she now stared. The light was perfect, that's what he had said - "cloudy bright" was his name for it - and the shutter clicked steadily as he moved around her.

He was lithe; that was the word she had thought of while watching him. At fifty-two, his body was all lean muscle, muscle that moved with the kind of intensity and power that comes only to men who work hard and take care of themselves.

She looked at the picture again, studied it. "I did look good," she thought, smiling to herself at the mild self-admiration. "I never looked that good before or after. It was him." And she took another sip of brandy while the rain went on.

Robert Kincaid was a magician of sorts, who lived within himself. Francesca had sensed as much immediately on a hot, dry Monday in August 1965, when he stepped out of his truck onto her driveway. Richard and the children were at the Illinois State Fair, exhibiting the prize steer that received more attention than she did, and she had the week to herself.



She had been sitting on the front porch swing, drinking iced tea, watching the dust from under a pickup coming down the county road. The truck was moving slowly, as if the driver were looking for something, stopped just short of her lane, then turned up it toward the house. Oh, God, she had thought. Who's this?



She was barefoot, wearing jeans and a faded blue work- shirt with the sleeves rolled up, shirttail out. Her long black hair was fastened up by a tortoiseshell comb her father had given her when she left the old country. The truck rolled up the lane and stopped near the gate to the wire fence surrounding the house.

Francesca stepped off the porch and walked unhurriedly through the grass toward the gate. And out of the pickup came Robert Kincaid, looking like some vision from a never- written book called An Illustrated History of Shamans.

His military-style shirt was tacked down to his back with perspiration; there were wide, dark circles of it under his arms. The top three buttons were undone, and she could see tight chest muscles just below the plain silver chain around his neck. Over his shoulders were wide orange suspenders, the kind worn by people who spent a lot of time in wilderness areas.

He smiled. "I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm looking for a covered bridge out this way, and I can't find it. I think I'm lost." He wiped his forehead and smiled again.

His eyes looked directly at her, and she felt something jump inside. The eyes, the voice, the face, the silver hair, the easy way he moved his body, disturbing ways, ways that draw you in. Ways that whisper to you in the final moment before sleep comes, when the barriers have fallen. Ways that rearrange the molecular space between male and female.



The ways are simple; we have made them seem complicated. Francesca sensed this without knowing she was sensing it, sensed it at the level of her cells. And there began the thing that would change her forever.



A car went past on the road, trailing dust behind it, and honked. Francesca waved back at Floyd Clark's brown arm sticking out of his Chevy and turned back to the stranger. "You're pretty close. The bridge is only about two miles from here." Then, after twenty years of living the close life, a life demanded by a rural culture, Francesca Johnson surprised herself by saying, "I'll be glad to show it to you, if you want."

Why she did that, she never had been sure. A young girl's feelings rising like a bubble through water and bursting out, maybe, after all these years. She was not shy, but not forward, either. The only thing she could ever conclude was that Robert Kincaid had drawn her in somehow, after only a few seconds of looking at him.

He was obviously taken aback, slightly, by her offer. But he recovered quickly and with a serious look on his face said he'd appreciate that. She picked up the cowboy boots she wore for farm chores and walked out to his truck, following him around to the passenger side.

"Just take me a minute to make room for you; lots of gear 'n' stuff in here." He mumbled mostly to himself as he worked, and she could tell he was a little flustered, and a little shy about the whole affair.

He was rearranging canvas bags and tripods, a Thermos bottle and paper sacks. In the back of the pickup were an old brown suitcase and a guitar case, both dusty and battered, both tied to a spare tire with a piece of clothesline rope.



He mumbled and sorted and stuffed paper coffee cups and banana peels into a brown grocery bag that he tossed into the truck box when he was finished. Finally, he removed a blue-and-white ice chest and put that in the back as well. In faded red paint on the green truck door was printed "Kincaid Photography, Bellingham, Washington."



"Okay, I think you can squeeze in there now." He held the door, closed it behind her, then went around to the driver's side and with a peculiar, animal-like grace stepped in behind the wheel. He looked at her, just a quick glance, smiled slightly, and said, "Which way?"

"Right." She motioned with her hand. He turned the key, and the engine started. Bouncing, the truck moved along the lane toward the road.

He leaned over and reached into the glove compartment, his forearm accidentally brushing across her lower thigh. Looking half out the windshield and half into the compartment, he took out a business card and handed it to her. "Robert Kincaid, Writer-Photographer." His address was printed there, along with a phone number.

"I'm out here on assignment for National Geographic," he said. "You familiar with the magazine?"

"Yes." Francesca nodded, thinking, Isn't everybody? "They're doing a piece on covered bridges, and Madison County, Iowa, apparently has some interesting ones. I've located six of them, but I guess there's at least one more, and it's supposed to be out in this direction."

"It's called Roseman Bridge," said Francesca over the noise of the wind and tires and engine. Her voice sounded strange, as if it belonged to someone else, to a teenage girl leaning out of a window in Naples, looking far down city streets toward the trains or out at the harbor and thinking of distant lovers yet to come. As she spoke, she watched the muscles in his forearm flex when he shifted gears.

Two knapsacks were beside her. The flap of one was closed, but the other was folded back, and she could see the silver-colored top and black back of a camera sticking out. Behind her feet were two tripods. They were badly scratched, but she could read part of the worn label on one: "Gitzo." When he had opened the glove box, she noticed it was crammed with notebooks, maps, pens, loose change, and a carton of Camel cigarettes.

"Turn right at the next corner," she said. That gave her an excuse to glance at the profile of Robert Kincaid. His skin was tanned and smooth and shiny with sweat. He had nice lips; for some reason she had noticed that right away. And his nose was like that she had seen on Indian men during a vacation the family had taken out west when the children were young.

He wasn't handsome, not in any conventional sense. Nor was he homely. Those words didn't seem to apply to him. But there was something, something about him. Something very old, something slightly battered by the years, not in his appearance, but in his eyes.

On his left wrist was a complicated-looking watch with a brown, sweat-stained leather band. A silver bracelet with some intricate scrollwork clung to his right wrist. It needed a good rubbing with silver polish, she thought.



Robert Kincaid pulled a pack of cigarettes from his shirt pocket, shook one halfway out, and offered it to her. For the second time in five minutes, she surprised herself and took the cigarette. What am I doing? She thought. She had smoked years ago but gave it up under the steady criticism from Richard. He shook out another one, put it between his lips, and flicked a gold lighter into flame, holding it toward her while he kept his eyes on the road.



She cupped her hands around the lighter to hold the wind and touched his hand to steady it against the bouncing of the truck. It took only an instant for her to light the cigarette, but that was long enough to feel the warmth of his hand and the tiny hairs along the back of it.

Francesca Johnson, fanner's wife, rested against the dusty truck seat, smoked the cigarette, and pointed. "There it is, just around the curve." The old bridge, red in color, tilting slightly from all the years, sat across a small stream.

Robert Kincaid had smiled then. He quickly looked at her and said, "It's great. A sunrise shot." He stopped a hundred feet from the bridge and got out, taking the open knapsack with him. "I'm going to look around for a few minutes, do you mind?" She shook her head and smiled back.

Francesca watched him walk up the country road, taking a camera from the knapsack and then slinging the bag over his left shoulder. He had done that thousands of times, that exact movement. As he walked, his head never stopped moving, looking from side to side, then at the bridge, then at the trees behind the bridge. Once he turned and looked back at her, his face serious.

In contrast with the local folks, who fed on gravy and potatoes and red meat, three times a day for some of them, Robert Kincaid looked as if he ate nothing but fruit and nuts and vegetables. Hard, she thought. He looks hard, physically.

It was quiet. A redwing blackbird sat on fence wire and looked in at her. A meadowlark called from the roadside grass. Nothing else moved in the white sun of August.



Just short of the bridge, Robert Kincaid stopped. He stood there for a moment, then squatted down, looking through the camera. He walked to the other side of the road and did the same thing. Then he moved into the cover of the bridge and studied the beams and floor planks, looked at the stream below through a hole in the side.



Francesca put out her cigarette, opened the door, and put her boots on the gravel. She glanced around to make sure none of her neighbors' cars were coming and walked toward the bridge. The sun was very hot in late afternoon, and it looked cooler inside the bridge. She could see his silhouette at the other end until he went down toward the stream.

Inside, she could hear pigeons burbling softly in their nests and put the palm of her hand on the side planking, feeling the warmth. Graffiti was scrawled on some of the planks: "Jimbo-Denison, Iowa." "Sherry + Dubby." The pigeons kept on burbling softly.

Francesca looked through a crack between two of the side planks, down toward the stream where Robert Kincaid had gone. He was standing on a rock in the middle of the little river, looking toward the bridge, and she was startled to see him wave. He jumped back to the bank and moved easily up the steep bank.

"It's real nice, real pretty here," he said, his voice reverberating inside the covered bridge.

Francesca nodded. "Yes, it is. We take these old bridges for granted around here and don't think much about them."

He walked to her and held out a small bouquet of wildflowers. "Thanks for the guided tour." He smiled softly. "I'll come back at dawn one of these days' and get my shots." She felt something inside of her again. Flowers. Nobody gave her flowers, even on special occasions.



"I don't know your name," he said. She realized then that she had not told him and felt dumb about that. When she did, he nodded and said, "I caught the smallest trace of an accent. Italian?"



"Yes. A long time ago."

The green truck again. Along the gravel roads with the sun lowering itself. Twice they met cars, but it was nobody Francesca knew. In the four minutes it took to reach the farm, she felt that she wanted more of Robert Kincaid, writer- photographer, that's what. She wanted to know more and clutched the flowers on her lap, held them straight up, like a schoolgirl coming back from an outing.

The blood was in her face. She could feel it. She hadn't done anything or said anything, but she felt as if she had.

He turned the truck up the lane. "Richard is your husband?" He had seen the mailbox.

"Yes," said Francesca, slightly short of breath. "It's pretty hot. Would you like an ice tea?"

He looked over at her. "If it's all right, I sure would."

"It's all right," she said.

She directed him - casually, she hoped - to park the pickup around behind the house. What she didn't need was for Richard to come home and have one of the neighbor men say, "Hey, Dick; havin' some work done at the place? Saw a green pickup there last week. Knew Frannie was home so I didn't bother to check on it."

Up broken cement steps to the back porch door. He held the door for her, carrying his camera knapsacks. "Awful hot to leave the equipment in the truck," he had said when he pulled them out.



A little cooler in the kitchen, but still hot. The collie snuffled around Kincaid's boots, then went out on the back porch and flopped down while Francesca removed ice from metal trays and poured sun tea from a glass jug. She knew he was watching her as he sat at the kitchen table, long legs stretched in front of him, brushing his hair with both hands.



"Lemon?"

"Yes, please."

"Sugar?"

"No, thanks."

The lemon juice ran slowly down the side of a glass, and he saw that, too. Robert Kincaid missed little.

Francesca set the glass before him. Put her own on the other side of the Formica-topped table and her bouquet in water. Leaning against the counter, she balanced on one leg, bent over, and took off a boot, then the other one.

He took a small drink of tea and watched her. She was about five feet six, fortyish or a little older, pretty face, and a fine, warm body. But there were pretty women everywhere he traveled. Such physical matters were nice, yet, to him, intelligence and passion, the ability to move and be moved by subtleties of the mind and spirit, were what really counted. That's why he found most young women unattractive, regardless of their exterior beauty. They had not lived long enough or hard enough to possess those qualities that interested him.

But there was something in Francesca Johnson that did interest him. There was intelligence; he could sense that. And there was passion, though he couldn't quite grasp what that passion was directed toward or if it was directed at all.



Later, he would tell her that watching her take off her boots that day was one of the most sensual moments he could remember. Why was not important. That was not the way he approached his life. "Analysis destroys wholes. Some things, magic things, are meant to stay whole. If you look at their pieces, they go away." That's what he had said.



She sat at the table, one leg curled under her, and pulled back strands of hair that had fallen over her face. Then, remembering, she rose and went to the cupboard, took down an ashtray, and set it on the table where he could reach it.

With that silent permission, he pulled out a pack of Camels and held it toward her. She took one and noticed it was slightly wet from his heavy perspiring. Same routine. He held the gold lighter; she touched his hand to steady it, felt his skin with her fingertips, and sat back. The cigarette tasted wonderful, and she smiled.

"What is it you do, exactly - I mean with the photography?"

He looked at his cigarette and spoke quietly. "I'm a contract shooter - uh, photographer - for National Geographic, part of the time. I get ideas, sell them to the magazine, and do the shoot. Or they have something they want done and contact me. Not a lot of room for artistic expression; it's a pretty conservative publication. But the pay is decent. Not great, but decent, and steady. The rest of the time, I write and photograph on my own hook and send pieces to other magazines. If things get tough, I do corporate work, though I find that awfully confining.



"Sometimes I write poetry, just for myself. Now and then, I try to write a little fiction, but I don't seem to have a feeling for it. I live north of Seattle and work around that area quite a bit. I like shooting the fishing boats and Indian settlements and landscapes.



"The Geographic work often keeps me at a location for a couple of months, particularly for a major piece on something like part of the Amazon or the North African desert. Ordinarily I fly to an assignment like this and rent a car. But I felt like driving through some places and chose them for future reference. I came down along Lake Superior; I'll go back through the Black Hills. How about you?"

Francesca hadn't expected him to ask. She stammered for a moment. "Oh, gosh, nothing like you do. I got my degree in comparative literature. Winterset was having trouble-finding teachers when I arrived here in 1946, and the fact that I was married to a local man who was a veteran made me acceptable. So I picked up a teaching certificate and taught high school English for a few years. But Richard didn't like the idea of me working. He said he could support us, and there was no need for it, particularly when our two children were growing. So I stopped and became a farm wife full-time. That's it."

She noticed his iced tea was almost gone and poured him some more from the jug.

"Thanks. How do you like it here in Iowa?"

There was a moment of truth in this. She knew it. The standard reply was, "Just fine. It's quiet. The people are real nice."

She didn't answer immediately. "Could I have another cigarette?" Again, the pack of Camels, again the lighter, again touching his hand, lightly. Sunlight walked across the back porch floor and onto the dog, who got up and moved out of sight. Francesca, for the first time, looked into the eyes of Robert Kincaid.



"I'm supposed to say, 'Just fine. It's quiet. The people are real nice.' All of that's true, mostly. It is quiet. And the people are nice, in certain ways. We all help each other out. If someone gets sick or hurt, the neighbors do whatever needs to be done. In town, you can leave your car unlocked and let your children run without worrying about them. There are a lot of good things about the people here, and I respect them for those qualities.



"But" - she hesitated, smoked, looked across the table at Robert Kincaid - "it's not what I dreamed about as a girl." The confession, at last. The words had been there for years, and she had never said them. She had said them now to a man with a green pickup truck from Bellingham, Washington.

He said nothing for a moment. Then: "I wrote something in my notebook the other day for future use, just had the idea while driving along; that happens a lot. It goes like this: 'The old dreams were good dreams; they didn't work out, but I'm glad I had them.' I'm not sure what that means, but I'll use it somewhere. So I think I kind of know how you feel."

Francesca smiled at him then. For the first time, she smiled warm and deep. And the gambler's instincts took over. "Would you like to stay for supper? My family's away, so I don't have too much on hand, but I can figure out something."

"Well, I get pretty tired of grocery stores and restaurants. That's for sure. So if it's not too much bother, I'd like that."

"You like pork chops? I could fix that with some vegetables from the garden."

"Just the vegetables would be fine for me. I don't eat meat. Haven't for years. No big deal, I just feel better that way."



Francesca smiled again. "Around here that point of view would not be popular. Richard and his friends would say you're trying to destroy their livelihood. I don't eat much meat myself; I'm not sure why, I just don't care for it. But every time I try a meatless supper on the family, there are howls of rebellion'. So I've pretty much given up trying. It'll be fun figuring out something different for a change."

"Okay, but don't go to a lot of trouble on my account. Listen, I need to dump out the melted ice water in my cooler and organize things a bit. It'll take me a little while." He stood up and drank the last of his tea.



She watched him go through the kitchen doorway, across the porch, and into the yard. He didn't let the door bang like everyone else did but instead shut it gently. Just before he went out, he squatted down to pet the collie, who valued the attention with several licks along his arms.

Upstairs, Francesca ran a quick bath and, while drying off, looked over the top of the curtain toward the farmyard. His suitcase was open, and he was washing himself, using the old hand pump. She should have told him he could shower in the house if he wanted. She had meant to, then refused for a moment at the level of familiarity, and in the end forgot to say anything.

But Robert Kincaid had washed up under worse conditions. Out of buckets of rancid water in tiger country, out of his flask in the desert. In her farmyard, he had stripped to the waist and was using his dirty shirt as a combination of washcloth and towel. "A towel," she blamed herself. "At least a towel; I could have done that for him."



His razor caught the sunlight, where it lay on cement beside the pump, and she watched him soap his face and shave. He was - there's the word again, she thought - hard. He wasn't big-bodied, a little over six feet, a little toward thin. But he had large shoulder muscles for his size, and his belly was flat as a knife blade. He didn't look however old he was, and he didn't look like the local men with too much gravy over biscuits in the morning.



During the last shopping trip to Des Moines, she had bought new perfume - Wind Song - and she used it now. What to put on? It didn't seem right for her to dress up too much, since he was still in his working clothes. Long-sleeved white shirt, sleeves rolled to just below the elbows, a clean pair of jeans, sandals. The gold hoop earrings Richard said made her look like a hussy and a gold bracelet. Hair pulled back with a clip, hanging down her back. That felt right.

When she came into the kitchen, he was sitting there with his knapsacks and cooler, wearing a clean khaki shirt, with the orange suspenders running over it. On the table were three cameras and five lenses, and a fresh package of Camels. The equipment was scratched, dented in places. But he handled it carefully.

He looked up at her, serious face again, shy face. "I have some beer in the cooler. Like one?"

"Yes, that would be nice."

He took out two bottles of Budweiser. Francesca started looking for an opener in a drawer. But he said, "I've got it." He took the Swiss Army knife from its case on his belt and flicked out the bottle opener on it, using it expertly.

He handed her a bottle and raised his in a half salute: "To covered bridges in the late afternoon or, better yet, on warm, red mornings." He grinned.

Francesca said nothing but smiled softly and raised her bottle a little, hesitantly, awkwardly. A strange stranger, flowers, perfume, beer, and a toast on a hot Monday in late summer. It was almost more than she could deal with.



"There was somebody a long time ago who was thirsty on an August afternoon. Whoever it was studied their thirst and invented beer. That's where it came from, and a problem was solved." He was working on a camera, almost talking to it.



"I'm going out to the garden for a minute. I'll be right back."

He looked up. "Need help?"

She shook her head and walked past him, feeling his eyes on her hips, wondering if he watched her all the way across the porch, guessing that he did.

She was right. He watched her. Shook his head and looked again. Watched her body, thought of the intelligence he knew she possessed, wondered about the other things he sensed in her. He was drawn to her, fighting it back.

The garden was in shade now. Francesca moved through it with a dishpan. She gathered carrots and parsley, some parsnips and onions and turnips.

When she entered the kitchen, Robert Kincaid was repacking the knapsacks, neatly and precisely, she noticed. Everything obviously had its place and always was placed in its place. He had finished his beer and opened two more, even though she was not quite done with hers. She tilted back her head and finished the first one, handing him the empty bottle.

"Can I do something?" he asked.

"You can bring in the watermelon from the porch and a few potatoes from the bucket out there."

He moved so easily that she was amazed at how quickly he went to the porch and returned melon under his arm, four potatoes in his hands. "Enough?"

She nodded, thinking how ghostlike he seemed. He set them on the counter beside the sink where she was cleaning the garden vegetables and returned to his chair, lighting a Camel as he sat down.



"How long will you be here?" she asked, looking down at the vegetables she was working on.



"I'm not sure. Probably about a week. This is a slow time for me, and my deadline for the bridge pictures is still three weeks away."

"Where are you staying? In town?"

"Yes. A little place with cabins. Something-or-other Motor Court. I just checked in this morning. Haven't even unloaded my gear yet."

"That's the only place to stay, except for Mrs. Carlson's; she takes in roomers. The restaurants will be a disappointment, though, particularly for someone with your eating habits."

"I know. It's an old story. But I've learned to make do. This time of year it's not so bad; I can find fresh produce in the stores and at stands along the road. Bread and a few other things, and I make it work. It's nice to be invited out like this, though. I appreciate it."

She reached along the counter and turned on a small radio. "With time in my pocket, and the weather on my side..." a voice sang, guitars playing along. She kept the volume low.

"I'm pretty good at chopping vegetables," he offered.

"Okay, there's the cutting board, a knife's in the drawer right below it. I'm going to fix a stew, so kind of cube the vegetables."

He stood two feet from her, looking down, cutting and chopping the carrots and turnips, parsnips and onions. Francesca peeled potatoes into the sink, aware of being so close to a strange man.



"You play the guitar? I saw the case in your truck."



"A little bit. It keeps me company, not too much more than that. My wife was an early folkie, way before the music became popular, and she got me going on it."

Francesca had stiffened slightly at the word wife. Why, she didn't know. He had a right to be married, but somehow it didn't fit him. She didn't want him to be married.

"She couldn't stand the long shoots when I'd be gone for months. I don't blame her. She pulled out nine years ago. Divorced me a year later. We never had children, so it wasn't complicated. Took one guitar, left the el cheapo with me."

"You hear from her?"

"No, never."

That was all he said. Francesca didn't push it. But she felt better, selfishly, and wondered again why she should care one way or the other.

"I've been to Italy, twice," he said. "Where you from, originally?"

"Naples."

"Never made it there. I was in the north once, doing some shooting along the River Po. Then again for a piece on Sicily."

Francesca peeled potatoes, thinking of Italy for a moment, aware of Robert Kincaid beside her.



Clouds had moved up in the west, cutting the sun into rays. He looked out the window above the sink and said, "God light. Calendar companies love it. So do religious magazines."



"Your work sounds interesting," Francesca said. She felt a need to keep neutral conversation going.

"It is. I like it a lot. I like the road, and I like making pictures."

She noticed he'd said "making" pictures. "You make pictures, not take them?"

"Yes. At least that's how I think of it. That's the difference between Sunday snap-shooters and someone who does it for a living. When I'm finished with that bridge we saw today, it won't look quite like you expect. I'll have made it into something of my own, by lens choice, or camera angle, or general composition, and most likely by some combination of all of those.

"I don't just take things as given; I try to make them into something that reflects my personal consciousness, my spirit. I try to find the poetry in the image. The magazine has its own style and demands, and I don't always agree with the editors' taste; in fact, most of the time I don't. And that bothers them, even though they decide what goes in and what gets left out. I guess they know their readership, but I wish they'd take a few more chances now and then. I tell them that, and it bothers them.

"That's the problem in earning a living through an art form. You're always dealing with markets, and markets-mass markets - are designed to suit average tastes. That's where the numbers are. That's the reality, I guess. But, as I said, it can become pretty confining. They let me keep the shots they don't use, so at least I have my own private files of stuff I like.



"And, once in a while, another magazine will take one or two, or I can write an article on a place I've been and illustrate it with something a little more daring than National Geographic prefers.



"Sometime I'm going to do an essay called 'The Virtues of Amateurism' for all of those people who wish they earned their living in the arts. The market kills more artistic passion than anything else. It's a world of safety out there, for most people. They want safety, the magazines and manufacturers give them safety, give them the familiar and comfortable, don't challenge them.

"Profit dominates art. We're all getting lashed to the great wheel of uniformity.

"The marketing people are always talking about something called 'consumers.' I have this image of a fat little man in baggy Bermuda shorts, a Hawaiian shirt, and a straw hat with beer-can openers dangling from it, clutching handfuls of dollars."

Francesca laughed quietly, thinking about safety and comfort.

"But I'm not complaining too much. Like I said, the traveling is good, and I like fooling with cameras and being out of doors. The reality is not exactly what the song started out to be, but it's not a bad song."

Francesca supposed that, for Robert Kincaid, this was everyday talk. For her, it was the stuff of literature. People in Madison County didn't talk this way, about these things. The talk was about weather and farm prices and new babies and funerals and government programs and athletic teams. Not about art and dreams. Not about realities that kept the music silent, the dreams in a box.

He finished chopping vegetables. "Anything else I can do?"



She shook her head. "No, it's about under control."



He sat at the table again, smoking, taking a drink of beer now and then. She cooked, sipping on her beer between tasks. She could feel the alcohol, even this small amount of it. On New Year's Eve, at the City Hall, she and Richard would have some drinks. Other than that, not much, and there seldom was liquor in the house, except for a bottle of brandy she had bought once in some hope for romance in their country lives. The bottle was still unopened.

Vegetable oil, one and one-half cups of vegetables. Cook until light brown. Add flour and mix well. Add water, a pint of it. Add remaining vegetables and seasonings. Cook slowly, about forty minutes.

With the cooking underway, Francesca sat across from him once again. Modest intimacy fell upon the kitchen. It came, somehow, from the cooking. Fixing supper for a stranger, with him chopping turnips beside you, removed some of the strangeness. And with the loss of strangeness, there was space for intimacy.

He pushed the cigarettes toward her, the lighter on top of the package. She shook one out, fumbled with the lighter, felt clumsy. It wouldn't catch. He smiled a little, carefully took the lighter from her hand, and flipped the wheel twice before it caught. He held it, she lit her cigarette. Around men she usually felt graceful in comparison to them. Not around Robert Kincaid, though.



A white sun had turned big red and lay just over the com fields. Through the kitchen window, she could see a hawk. The seven o'clock news and market summary were on the radio. And Francesca looked across the yellow Formica toward Robert Kincaid, who had come a long way to her kitchen. A long way, across more than miles.



"It already smells good," he said, pointing toward the stove. "It smells... quiet." He looked at her.

"Quiet? Could something smell quiet?" She was thinking about the phrase, asking herself. He was right. After the pork chops and steaks and roasts she cooked for the family, this was quiet cooking. The stew cooked quietly and smelled quiet. It was quiet here in the kitchen.

"If you don't mind, tell me a little about your life in Italy." He was stretched out on the chair, his right leg crossed over his left at the ankles.

Silence bothered her around him, so she talked. Told him about her growing years, the private school, the nuns, her parents - housewife, bank manager. About standing along the sea wall as a teenager and watching ships from all over the world. About the American soldiers that came later. About meeting Richard in a cafe where she and some girlfriends were drinking coffee. The war had destroyed lives, and they wondered if they would ever get married. She was silent about Niccolo.

He listened, saying nothing, nodding in understanding occasionally. When she finally paused, he said, "And you have children, did you say?"

"Yes. Michael is seventeen. Carolyn is sixteen. They both go to a farming school in Winterset, that's why now they're at the Illinois State Fair. Showing Carolyn's steer.

"Something I've never been able to adapt to, to understand, is how they can put such love and care on the animals and then see them sold for slaughter. I don't dare say anything about it, though. Richard and his friends would be down on me in a flash. But there's some kind of cold, unfeeling contradiction in that business."



She felt guilty mentioning Richard's name. She hadn't done anything, anything at all. Yet she could feel guilt, a guilt born of distant possibilities. And she wondered how to manage the end of the evening and if she had gotten herself into something she couldn't handle. Maybe Robert Kincaid would just leave. He seemed pretty quiet, nice enough, even a little bashful.



As they talked on, the evening turned blue, light fog covering the meadow grass. He opened two more beers for them while Francesca's stew cooked, quietly. She rose and dropped dumplings into boiling water, turned, and leaned against the sink, feeling warm toward Robert Kincaid from Bellingham, Washington. Hoping he wouldn't leave too early.

He ate two helpings of the stew with quiet good manners and told her twice how line it was. The watermelon was perfect. The beer was cold. The evening was blue. Francesca Johnson was forty-five years old, and Hank Snow sang a train song on KMA, Iowa.





Ancient Evenings, Distant Music



"Now what?" thought Francesca. Supper over, sitting there.

He took care of it. "How about a walk out in the meadow? It's cooling down a little." When she said yes, he reached into a knapsack and pulled out a camera, putting the strap over his shoulder.



Kincaid pushed open the back porch door and held it for her, followed her out, then shut it gently. They went down the cracked sidewalk, across the graveled farmyard, and onto the grass east of the house.



When they came to the fence, she held down the barbed wire with one hand and stepped over it, feeling the dew on her feet around the thin sandal straps. He executed the same maneuver, easily swinging his boots over the wire.

"Do you call this a meadow or a pasture?" he asked.

"Pasture, I guess. The cattle keep the grass short. Watch out for their leavings." A moon nearly full was coming up the eastern sky, which had turned azure with the sun just under the horizon. On the road below, a car rocketed past, loud muffler. The Clark boy. Quarterback on the Winterset team. Dated Judy Leverenson.

It had been a long time since she had taken a walk like this. After supper, which was always at five, there was the television news, then the evening programs, watched by Richard and sometimes by the children when they had finished their homework. Francesca usually read in the kitchen - books from the Winterset library and the book club she belonged to, history and poetry and fiction - or sat on the front porch in good weather. The television bored her.

When Richard would call, "Frannie, you've got to see this!" she'd go in and sit with him for a while. Elvis always generated such a summons. So did the Beatles when they first appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show. Richard looked at their hair and kept shaking his head in disbelief and disapproval.



For a short time, red streaks cut across part of the sky. "I call that 'bounce,'" Robert Kincaid said, pointing upward. "Most people put their cameras away too soon. After the sun goes down, there's often a period of really nice light and color in the sky, just for a few minutes, when the sun is below the horizon but bounces its light off the sky."



Francesca said nothing, wondering about a man to whom the difference between a pasture and a meadow seemed important, who got excited about sky color, who wrote a little poetry but not much fiction. Who played the guitar, who earned his living by images and carried his tools in knapsacks. Who seemed like the wind. And moved like it. Came from it, perhaps.

He looked upward, hands in his Levies pockets, camera hanging against his left hip.

"The silver apples of the moon,

The golden apples of the sun."

His baritone said the words like that of a professional actor.

She looked over at him. "W. B. Yeats, 'The Song of Wandering Aengus."

"Right. Good stuff, Yeats. Realism, economy, sensuousness, beauty, magic. Appeals to my Irish heritage."

He had said it all, right there in five words. Francesca had tried to explain Yeats to the Winterset students but never got through to most of them. She remembered Matthew Clark looking at the boy beside him and then forming his hands as if to cup them over a woman's breasts when she read, "The golden apples of the sun." They had giggled, and the girls in the back row with them blushed.



They would live with those attitudes all their lives. That's what had discouraged her, in spite of the outward friendliness of the community. Poets were not welcome here. The people of Madison County liked to say, compensating for their own sense of cultural inferiority, "This is a good place to raise kids." And she always felt like responding, "But is it a good place to raise adults?"



Without any conscious plan, they had walked slowly into the pasture a few hundred yards, made a loop, and were headed back toward the house. Darkness came about them as they crossed the fence, with him pushing down the wire for her this time.

She remembered the brandy. "I have some brandy. Or would you like some coffee?"

"Is the possibility of both open?" His words came out of the darkness. She knew he was smiling.

As they came into the circle made on grass and gravel by the yard light, she answered, "Of course," hearing the sound of something in her voice that worried her. It was the sound of easy laughter in the cafes of Naples.

It was difficult finding two cups without some kind of chip on them. Though she was sure that chipped cups were part of his life, she wanted perfect ones this time. The brandy glasses, two of them back in the cupboard, turned upside down, had never been used, like the brandy. She had to stretch on her tiptoes to reach them and was aware of her wet sandals and the jeans stretched tight across her bottom.

He sat on the same chair he had used before and watched her. The old ways. The old ways coming into him again. He wondered how her hair would feel to his touch, how the curve of her back would fit his hand, how she would feel underneath him.

He tried to think of something else, photography or the road or covered bridges. Anything but how she looked just now.



But he failed and wondered again how it would feel to touch her skin, to put his belly against hers. The questions eternal, and always the same. The goddamned old ways, fighting toward the surface. He tried to suppress them, lit a Camel, and breathed deeply.



She could feel his eyes on her constantly, though his watching was careful, never obvious, never intrusive. She knew that he knew brandy had never been poured into those glasses. And with his Irishman's sense of the tragic, she also knew he felt something about such emptiness. Not pity. That was not what he was about. Sadness, maybe.

As Francesca removed the Iowa liquor seal from the top of the brandy bottle, she looked at her fingernails and wished they were longer and better cared for. Farm life did not permit long fingernails. Until now, it hadn't mattered.

Brandy, two glasses, on the table. While she arranged the coffee, he opened the bottle and poured just the right amount into each glass. Robert Kincaid had dealt with after-dinner brandy before.

She wondered in how many kitchens, how many good restaurants, how many living rooms with subdued light he had practiced that small trade. How many sets of long fingernails had he watched delicately pointing toward him from the stems of brandy glasses, how many pairs of blue-round and brown-oval eyes had looked at him through evenings, while anchored sailboats rocked offshore and water slapped against the quays of ancient ports?



The overhead kitchen light was too bright for coffee and brandy. Francesca Johnson, Richard Johnson's wife, would leave it on. Francesca Johnson, a woman walking through after-supper grass and going through girlhood dreams, would turn it off. A candle was in order, but that would be too much. He might get the wrong idea. She put on the small light over the kitchen sink and turned off the overhead. It was still not perfect, but it was better.



He raised his glass to shoulder level and moved it toward her. "To ancient evenings and distant music." For some reason those words made her take a short, quick breath. But she touched her glass to his, and even though she wanted to say, "To ancient evenings and distant music," she only smiled a little.

They both smoked, saying nothing, drinking brandy, drinking coffee. A pheasant called from the fields. Jack, the collie, barked twice out in the yard. Mosquitoes tested the window screen near the table.

It was still hot, no breeze, some humidity now. Robert Kincaid was perspiring mildly, his top two shirt buttons undone. He was not looking at her directly, though she sensed his peripheral vision could find her, even as he seemed to stare out the window. In the way he was turned, she could see the top of his chest through the open buttons of his shirt and small beads of moisture lying there upon his skin.

Francesca was feeling good feelings, old feelings, poetry and music feelings. Still, it was time for him to go, she thought. Nine fifty-two on the clock above the refrigerator.

His glass was empty. Just as he swung around from looking out the window, Francesca picked up the brandy bottle by the neck and gestured with it toward the empty glass. He shook his head. "Roseman Bridge at dawn. I'd better get going."

She was relieved. But she sank in disappointment. She turned around inside of herself. Yes, please leave. Have some more brandy. Stay. Go. She didn't know for sure what Robert Kincaid thought.



He stood, swung one knapsack onto his left shoulder, put the other on top of his cooler. She came around the table. His hand moved toward her, and she took it. "Thanks for the evening, the supper, the walk. They were all nice. You're a good person, Francesca. Keep the brandy toward the front of the cupboard; maybe it'll work out after a while."



He had known, just as she thought. But she wasn't offended by his words. He was talking about romance, and he meant it in the best possible way. She could tell by the softness of his language, the way he said the words. What she didn't know was that he wanted to shout at the kitchen walls: "For Christ's sake, Richard Johnson, are you as big a fool as I think you must be?"

She followed him out to his truck and stood by while he put his gear into it. The collie came across the yard, sniffing around the truck. "Jack, come here," she whispered sharply, and the dog moved to sit by her, panting.

"Good-bye. Take care," he said, stopping by the truck door to look at her for a moment, straight at her. Then, in one motion, he was behind the wheel and shutting the door after him. He turned the old engine over, stomped at the accelerator, and it rattled into a start. He leaned out the window, grinning, "Tune-up required, I think."

He clutched it, backed up, shifted again, and headed across the yard under the light. Just before he reached the darkness of the lane, his left hand came out of the window and waved back at her. She waved, too, even though she knew he couldn't see it.

As the truck moved down the lane, she jogged over and stood in shadow, watching the red lights rising and falling with the bumps. Robert Kincaid turned left on the main road toward Winterset.



After he left, Francesca stood before the bureau mirror, naked. Her hips flared only a little from the children, her breasts were still nice and firm, not too large, not too small, belly slightly rounded. She couldn't see her legs in the mirror, but she knew they were still good.



Richard was interested in sex only occasionally, every couple of months, but it was over fast, rudimentary and unmoving, and he didn't seem to care much about perfume or things like that. It was easy to get a little sloppy.

She dressed again and sat at the kitchen table writing on half a sheet of plain paper. Jack followed her out to the Ford pickup and jumped in when she opened the door. He went to the passenger side and stuck his head out the window as she backed the truck out of the shed. She drove down the lane and turned right onto the county road.



Roseman Bridge was dark. But Jack ran on ahead, checking things out while she carried a flashlight from the truck. She tacked the note on the left side of the entrance to the bridge and went home.



The Bridges of Tuesday



Robert Kincaid drove past Richard Johnson's mailbox an hour before dawn, alternately chewing on a Milky Way and taking bites from an apple, squeezing the coffee cup on the seat between his thighs to keep it from tipping over. He looked up at the white house standing in thin, late moonlight as he passed and shook his head at the stupidity of men, some men, most men. They could at least drink the brandy and not bang the screen door on their way out.



Francesca heard the out-of-tune pickup go by. She lay there in bed, having slept naked for the first time as far back as she could remember. She could imagine Kincaid, hair blowing in the wind, one hand on the wheel, the other holding a Camel.



She listened as the sound of his wheels faded toward Roseman Bridge. And she began to roll words over in her mind from the Yeats poem: "I went out to the hazel wood, because a fire was in my head..."

He parked the truck well back from the bridge so it wouldn't interfere with his compositions. From the small space behind the seat, he took a knee-high pair of rubber boots, sitting on the running board to unlace his leather ones and pull on the others. One knapsack with straps over both shoulders, tripod slung over his left shoulder by its leather strap, the other knapsack in his right hand, he worked his way down the steep bank toward the stream.

The trick would be to put the bridge at an angle for some compositional tension, get a little of the stream at the same time, and miss the graffiti on the walls near the entrance. The telephone wires in the background were a problem, too, but that could be handled through careful framing.

He took out the camera and screwed it onto the heavy tripod. Gray light in the east now, and he began to experiment with his composition. Move tripod two feet left, readjust legs sticking in muddy ground by the stream. He kept the camera strap wound over his left wrist, a practice he always followed when working around water. He'd seen too many cameras go into the water when tripods tipped over.

Red color coming up, sky brightening. Lower camera six inches, adjust tripod legs. Still not there. A foot more to the left. Adjust legs again. Sun 40 percent above the horizon, old paint on the bridge turning a warm red, just what he wanted.

One-second exposure. Look through the viewfinder. Fine-tune leveling of camera. He pushed the plunger of the shutter release and waited for a second to pass.

Just as he fired the shutter, something caught his eye. He looked through the viewfinder again. "What the hell is hanging by the entrance to the bridge?" he muttered. "A piece of paper. Wasn't there yesterday."

Tripod steady. Run up the bank with sun coming fast behind him. Paper neatly tacked to bridge. Pull it off, put tack and paper in vest pocket. Back toward the bank, down it, behind the camera. Sun 60 percent up.

Breathing hard from the sprint. Shoot again. Repeat twice for duplicates. No wind, grass still.

Repeat entire process. Carry tripod and camera to the middle of the stream. Get set up. Shoot entire sequence again. New roll of Kodachrome. Switch lenses.

Flip the camera to vertical, recompose. Shoot again. Same sequence, methodical. There never was anything clumsy about his movements. All were practiced, all had a reason.

Up the bank, through the bridge, running with the equipment, racing the sun. Now the tough one. Grab second camera with faster film, sling both cameras around neck, climb tree behind bridge. Scrape arm on bark - "Dammit!" - keep climbing. High up now, looking down on the bridge at an angle with the stream catching sunlight. Shoot a dozen more shots.



Down the tree. Down the bank. Set up tripod, reload Kodachrome, shoot composition similar to the first series only from the opposite side of the stream. Pull third camera out of bag. Black-and-white work now. Light on bridge changing second by second.



After twenty intense minutes of the kind understood only by soldiers, surgeons, and photographers, Robert Kincaid swung his knapsacks into the truck and headed back down the road he had come along before. It was fifteen minutes to Hogback Bridge northwest of town, and he might just get some shots there if he hurried.

Dust flying, Camel lit, truck bouncing, past the white frame house facing north, past Richard Johnson's mailbox. No sign of her. What did you expect? She's married, doing okay. You're doing okay. Who needs those kinds of complications? Nice evening, nice supper, nice woman. Leave it at that. God, she's lovely, though, and there's something about her. Something. I have trouble taking my eyes away from her.

Francesca was in the barn doing chores when he barreled past her place. Noise from the livestock cloaked any sound from the road. And Robert Kincaid headed for Hogback Bridge, chasing the light.

Things went well at the second bridge. It sat in a valley and still had mist rising around it when he arrived. The 300-millimeter lens gave him a big sun in the upper-left part of his frame, with the rest taking in the winding white rock road toward the bridge and the bridge itself.

Then into his viewfinder came a farmer driving a team of light brown Belgians pulling a wagon along the white road. One of the last of the old style boys, Kincaid thought, grinning. He knew when the good ones came by and could already see what the final print would look like as he worked.



When he folded up his tripod at eight thirty-five, he felt good. The one with the farmer and horses might even be a cover shot; that's why he had left the space at the top of the frame, room for type, for a logo. Editors liked that kind of thoughtful craftsmanship. That's why Robert Kincaid got assignments.



He had shot all or part of seven rolls of film, emptied the three cameras, and reached into the lower-left pocket of his vest to get the other four. "Damn!" The thumbtack pricked his index finger. He had forgotten about dropping it in the pocket when he'd removed the piece of paper from Roseman Bridge. In fact, he had forgotten about the piece of paper. He fished it out, opened it, and read: "If you'd like supper again when 'white moths are on the wing,' I come by tonight after you're finished. Anytime is fine."

He couldn't help smiling a little, imagining Francesca Johnson with her note and thumbtack driving through the darkness to the bridge. In five minutes, he was back in town. While the Texaco man filled the tank and checked the oil, Kincaid used the pay telephone at the station. The thin phone book was grimy from being thumbed by filling station hands. There were two listings under "R. Johnson," but one had a town address.

He dialed the rural number and waited. Francesca was feeding the dog on the back porch when the phone rang in the kitchen. She caught it at the front of the second ring: "Johnson's."

"Hi, this is Robert Kincaid."

Her insides jumped again, just as they had yesterday. A little stab of something that started in her chest.

"Got your note. W. B. Yeats as a messenger and all that. I accept the invitation, but it might be late. The weather's pretty good, so I'm planning on shooting the - let's see, what's it called? - the Cedar Bridge... this evening. It could be after nine before I'm finished. Then I'll want to clean up a bit. So I might not be there until nine-thirty or ten. Is that all right?"

No, it wasn't all right. She didn't want to wait that long, but she only said, "Oh, sure. Get your work done; that's what's important. I'll fix something that'll be easy to warm up when you get here."

Then he added, "If you want to come along while I'm shooting, that's fine. It won't bother me. I could stop by for you about five-thirty."

Francesca's mind worked the problem. She wanted to go with him. But what if someone saw her? What could she say to Richard if he found out?

Cedar Bridge was fifty yards upstream from and parallel to the new road and its concrete bridge. She wouldn't be too noticeable. Or would she? In less than two seconds, she decided. "Yes, I'd like that. But I'll drive my pickup and meet you there. What time?"

"About six. I'll see you then. Okay? Bye."

He spent the rest of the day at the local newspaper office looking through old editions. It was a pretty town, with a nice square, and he sat there on a bench in the shade at lunch with a small sack of fruit and some bread, along with a Coke from a cafe across the street.

When he had walked in the cafe and asked for a Coke to take out, it was a little after noon. Like an old Wild West saloon when the regional gunfighter appeared, the busy conversation had stopped for a moment while they all looked him over. He hated that, felt self-conscious; but it was the standard procedure in small towns. Someone new! Someone different! Who is he? What's he doing here?



"Somebody said he's a photographer. Said they saw him out by Hogback Bridge this morning with all sorts of cameras."

"Sign on his truck says he's from Washington, out west."



"Been over to the newspaper office all morning. Jim says he's looking through the papers for information on the covered bridges."

"Yeah, young Fischer at the Texaco said he stopped in yesterday and asked directions to all the covered bridges."

"What's he wanna know about them for, anyway?"

"And why in the world would anybody wanna take pictures of 'em? They're just all failin' down in bad shape."

"Sure does have long hair. Looks like one of them Beatle fellows, or what is it they been callin' some of them other people? Hippies, ain't that it?" That brought laughter in the back booth and to the table next to it.

Kincaid got his Coke and left, the eyes still on him as he went out the door. Maybe he'd made a mistake in inviting Francesca, for her sake, not his. If someone saw her at Cedar Bridge, word would hit the cafe next morning at breakfast, relayed by young Fischer at the Texaco station.

He'd learned never to underestimate the telecommunicative flash of trivial news in small towns. Two million children could be dying of hunger in the Sudan, and that wouldn't worry anybody. But Richard Johnson's wife seen with a longhaired stranger - now that was news! News to be passed around, news to be chewed on.

He finished his lunch and walked over to the public phone on the parking of the courthouse. Dialed her number. She answered, slightly breathless, on the third ring. "Hi, it's Robert Kincaid again."

Her stomach tightened instantly as she thought, He can't come; he's called to say that.



"Let me be direct. If it's a problem for you to come out with me tonight, given the curiosity of small-town people, don't feel pressured to do it. Frankly, I could care less what they think of me around here, and one way or the other, I'll come by later. What I'm trying to say is that I might have made an error in inviting you, so don't feel compelled in any way to do it. Though I'd love to have you along."



She'd been thinking about just that since they'd talked earlier. But she had decided. "No, I'd like to see you do your work. I'm not worried about talk." She was worried, but something in her had taken hold, something to do with risk. Whatever the cost; she was going out to Cedar Bridge.

"Great. Just thought I'd check. See you later."

"Okay." He was sensitive, but she already knew that.

At four o'clock, he stopped by his motel and did some laundry in the sink, put on a clean shirt, and tossed a second one in the truck, along with a pair of khaki slacks and brown sandals he'd picked up in India. At a tavern, he purchased two, six packs of Budweiser.

Hot, real hot again. The tavern had been dark and passably cool, with the front door open and big fans on the ceiling and one on a stand by the door whirring at about a hundred and five decibels. Somehow, though, the noise of the fans, the smell of stale beer and smoke, the blare of the jukebox, and the semi-hostile faces staring at him from along the bar made it seem hotter than it really was.



Out on the road the sunlight almost hurt. Francesca Johnson looked cool, though. She was leaning against the fender of her Ford pickup where she had parked it behind some trees near the bridge. She had on the same jeans that fit her so well, sandals, and a white cotton T-shirt that did nice things for her body. He waved as he pulled up next to her truck.



"Hi. Nice to see you. Pretty hot," he said. Harmless talk, around-the-edges-of-things talk. That old uneasiness again, just being in the presence of a woman for whom he felt something. He never knew quite what to say, unless the talk was serious. Even though his sense of humor was well developed, he had a fundamentally serious mind and took things seriously. His mother had always said he was an adult at four years of age. That served him well as a professional. To his way of thinking, though, it did not serve him well around women such as Francesca Johnson.

"I wanted to watch you make your pictures. 'Shoot,' as you call it."

"Well, you're about to see it, and you'll find it pretty boring. At least other people generally do. It's not like listening to someone practice the piano, where you can be part of it. In photography, production and performance are separated by a long time span. Today I'm doing production. When the pictures appear somewhere, that's the performance. All you're going to see is a lot of fiddling around. But you're more than welcome. In fact, I'm glad you came."

She hung on those last four words. He needn't have said them. He could have stopped with "welcome," but he didn't. He was genuinely glad to see her; that was clear. She hoped the fact she was here implied something of the same to him.

"Can I help you in some way?" she asked as he pulled on his rubber boots.

"You can carry that blue knapsack. I'll take the brown one and the tripod."



So Francesca became a photographer's assistant. He had been wrong. There was much to see. There was a performance of sorts, though he was not aware of it. It was what she had noticed yesterday and part of what drew her toward him. His grace, his quick eyes, the muscles along his forearms working.



Mostly the way he moved his body. The men she knew seemed heavy compared to him.

It wasn't that he hurried. In fact, he didn't hurry at all. There was a gazelle-like quality about him, though she could tell he was strong. Maybe he was more like a leopard than a gazelle. Yes. Leopard, that was it. He was not prey. Quite the reverse, she sensed.

"Francesca, give me the camera with the blue strap, please."

She opened the knapsack, feeling a little overcautious about the expensive equipment he handled so casually, and took out the camera.

He was on his knees northeast of the bridge, with the tripod low. He held out his left hand without taking his eye from the viewfinder, and she gave him the camera.

He reached under the tripod head and unscrewed the camera on it, which was replaced by the one she had given him. While he fastened on the new one, he turned his head toward her and grinned. "Thanks, you're a first-class assistant." She flushed a little.

God, what was it about him! Why can't I just say 'you're welcome'? she thought. I feel sort of slow around him, though it's nothing he does. It's me, not him. I'm just not used to being with people whose minds work as fast as his does.

He moved into the creek, then up the other bank. She went through the bridge with the blue knapsack and stood behind him, happy, strangely happy. There was energy here, a power of some kind in the way he worked. He didn't just wait for nature, he took it over in a gentle way, shaping it to his vision, making it fit what he saw in his mind.



He imposed his will on the Scene, fighting changes in light with different lenses, different films, a filter occasionally. He didn't just fight back, he dominated, using skill and intellect. Farmers also dominated the land with chemicals and bulldozers. But Robert Kincaid's way of changing nature was elastic and always left things in their original form when he finished.



She looked at the jeans pulling themselves tight around his thigh muscles as he knelt down. At the faded denim shirt sticking to his back, gray hair over the collar of it. At how he sat back on his haunches to adjust a piece of equipment, and for the first time in ever so long, she grew wet between her legs just watching someone. When she felt it, she looked up at the evening sky and breathed deeply, listening to him quietly curse a filter that wouldn't unscrew from a lens.

He crossed the creek again back toward the trucks, sloshing along in his rubber boots. Francesca went into the covered bridge, and when she came out the other end, he was crouched and pointing a camera toward her. He fired, cocked the shutter, and fired a second and third time as she walked toward him along the road. She felt herself grin in mild embarrassment.

"Don't worry." He smiled. "I won't use those anywhere without your permission. I'm finished here. Think I'll stop by the motel and rinse off a bit before coming out."

"Well, you can if you want. But I can spare a towel or a shower or the pump or whatever," she said quietly, earnestly.

"Okay, you're on. Go ahead. I'll load the equipment in Harry - that's my truck - and be right there."



She backed Richard's new Ford out of the trees and took it up on the main road away from the bridge, turned right, and headed toward Winterset, where she cut southwest toward home. The dust was too thick for her to see if he was following, though once, coming around a curve, she thought she could see his lights a mile back, bouncing along in the truck he called Harry.



It must have been him, for she heard his truck coming up the lane just after she arrived. Jack barked at first but settled down right away, muttering to himself, "Same guy as last night; okay, I guess." Kincaid stopped for a moment to talk with him.

Francesca stepped out of the back porch door. "Shower?"

"That'd be great. Show me the way."

She took him upstairs to the bathroom she had insisted Richard put in when the children were growing up. That was one of the few demands on which she had stood firm. She liked long hot baths in the evening, and she wasn't going to deal with teenagers tromping around in her private spaces. Richard used the other bath, said he felt uncomfortable with all the feminine things in hers. "Too fussy'," were his words.

The bath could be reached only through their bedroom. She opened the door to it and took out an assortment of towels and a washcloth from a cupboard under the sink. "Use anything you want." She smiled while biting her lower lip slightly.

"I might borrow some shampoo if you can spare it. Mine's at the motel."

"Sure. Take your pick." She set three different bottles on the counter, each partly used.

"Thanks." He tossed his fresh clothes on the bed, and Francesca noted the khakis, white shirt, and sandals. None of the local men wore sandals. A few of them from town had started wearing Bermuda shorts at the golf course, but not the farmers. And sandals... never.



She went downstairs and heard the shower come on. He's naked now, she thought, and felt funny in her lower belly.



Earlier in the day, after he called, she had driven the forty miles into Des Moines and went to the state liquor store. She was not experienced in this and asked a clerk about a good wine. He didn't know any more than she did, which was nothing. So she looked through the rows of bottles until she came across a label that read "Valpolicella." She remembered that from a long time ago. Dry, Italian red wine. She bought two bottles and another decanter of brandy.

Next, she looked for a new summer dress from a shop downtown. She found one, light pink with thin straps. It was low-cut in back, the same in front rather dramatically so the tops of her breasts were exposed, and gathered around her waist with a narrow sash. And new white sandals, expensive ones, flat-heeled, with delicate handiwork on the straps.

In the afternoon, she fixed stuffed peppers, filling them with a mixture of tomato sauce, brown rice, cheese, and chopped parsley. Then came a simple spinach salad, corn bread, and an applesauce souffle for dessert. All of it, except the souffle, went into the refrigerator.

She hurried to shorten her dress to knee length. The Des Moines Register had carried an article earlier in the summer saying that was the preferred length this year. She always had thought fashion and all it implied pretty weird, people behaving sheep-like in the service of European designers. But the length suited her, so that's where the hem went.



The wine was a problem. People around here kept it in the refrigerator, though in Italy they never had done that. Yet it was too warm just to let it sit on the counter. Then she remembered the springhouse. It was about sixty degrees in there in the summer, so she put the wine along the wall.



The shower shut off upstairs just as the phone rang. It was Richard, calling from Illinois.

"Everything okay?"

"Yes."

"Carolyn's steer'll be judged on Wednesday. Some other things we want to see next day. Be home Friday, late."

"All right, have a good time and drive carefully."

"Frannie, you sure you're okay? Sound a little strange."

"No, I'm fine. Just hot. I'll be better after my bath."

"Okay. Say hello to Jack for me."

"Yes, I'll do that." She glanced at Jack sprawled on the cement of the back porch floor.

Robert Kincaid came down the stairs and into the kitchen. White button-down-collar shirt, sleeves rolled up to just above the elbow, light khaki slacks, brown sandals, silver bracelet, top two buttons of his shirt open, silver chain. His hair was still damp and brushed neatly, with a part in the middle. And she marveled at the sandals.

"I'll just take my field duds out to the truck and bring in the gear for a little cleaning."

"Go ahead. I'm going to take a bath."

"Want a beer with your bath?"

"If you have an extra one."



He brought in the cooler first, lifted out a beer for her, and opened it, while she found two tall glasses that would serve as mugs. When he went back to the truck for the cameras, she took her beer and went upstairs, noted that he had cleaned the tub, and then ran a high, warm bath for herself, settling in with her glass on the floor beside her. He had been here just a few minutes before; she was lying where the water had run down his body, and she found that intensely erotic. Almost everything about Robert Kincaid had begun to seem erotic to her.



Something as simple as a cold glass of beer at bath time felt so elegant. Why didn't she and Richard live this way? Part of it, she knew, was the inertia of long custom. And it is typical of all marriages, all relationships. Custom brings predictability, and predictability carries its own comforts; she was aware of that, too.

And there was the farm. Like a demanding invalid, it needed constant attention, even though the constant change of equipment for human labor had made much of the work less difficult than it had been in the past.

But there was something more going on here. Predictability is one thing, fear of change is something else. And Richard was afraid of change, any kind of change, in their marriage. Didn't want to talk about it in general. Didn't want to talk about sex in particular. Eroticism was, in some way, dangerous business, indecent to his way of thinking.

But he wasn't alone and really wasn't to blame. What was the barrier to freedom that had been erected out here? Not just on their farm, but in the rural culture. Maybe urban culture, for that matter. Why the walls and the fences preventing open, natural relationships between men and women? Why the lack of intimacy, the absence of eroticism?

The women's magazines talked about these matters. And women were starting to have greater expectations about their place in life in general, as well as what happened in their bedroom lives. Men such as Richard - most men, she guessed - were threatened by these expectations. In a way, women were asking for men to be poets and passionate lovers at the same time.



Women saw no contradiction in that. Men did. The locker rooms and stag parties and pool halls and segregated gatherings of their lives defined a certain set of male characteristics in which poetry, or anything of subtlety, had no place. So the clever dance that held them apart went on, while women sighed and turned their faces to the wall in the nights of Madison County.



There was something in the mind of Robert Kincaid that understood all of this. She was sure of that.

Walking into the bedroom, toweling off, she noted it was a little after ten. Still hot, but the bath had cooled her. From the closet, she took the new dress.

She pulled her long black hair behind her and fastened it with a silver clasp. Silver earrings, large hooped ones, and a loose-fitting silver bracelet she also had bought in Des Moines that morning.

The Wind Song perfume again. A little lipstick on the high cheek-boned face, the shade of pink even lighter than the dress. Her tan from working outdoors in shorts and midriff tops' accented the whole outfit. Her slim legs came out from under the hem looking just fine.

She turned first one way, then the other, looking at herself in the bureau mirror. That's about as good as I can do, she thought. And then, pleased, said half out loud, "It's pretty good, though."

Robert Kincaid was working on his second beer and repacking the cameras when she came into the kitchen. He looked up at her.

"Jesus," he said softly. All of the feelings, all of the searching and reflecting, a lifetime of feeling and searching and reflecting, came together at that moment. And he fell in love with Francesca Johnson, farmer's wife, of Madison County, Iowa, long ago from Naples.



"I mean," - his voice was a little shaky, a little rough, "if you don't mind my boldness, you look stunning. I'm serious. You're big-time elegant, Francesca, in the purest sense of that word."



His admiration was genuine, she could tell. She reveled in it, bathed in it, let it go into the pores of her skin like soft oil from the hands of some deity who had left her years ago and had now returned.

And, in the catch of that moment, she fell in love with Robert Kincaid, photographer-writer, from Bellingham, Washington, who drove an old pickup truck named Harry.





Room to Dance Again



On that Tuesday evening in August of 1965, Robert Kincaid looked steadily at Francesca Johnson. She looked back in kind. From ten feet apart they were locked in to one another, solidly, intimately.

The telephone rang. Still looking at him, she did not move on the first ring, or the second. In the long silence after the second ring, and before the third, he took a deep breath and looked down at his camera bags. With that, she was able to move across the kitchen toward the phone hanging on the wall just behind his chair.

"Johnson's... Hi, Marge. Yes, I'm fine. Thursday night?" She calculated: He said he'd be here a week, he came yesterday, this is only Tuesday. The decision to lie was an easy one.

She was standing by the door to the porch, phone in her left hand. He sat within touching distance, his back to her. She reached out with her right hand and rested it on his shoulder, in the casual way that some women have with men they care for. In only twenty-four hours, she had come to care for Robert Kincaid.

"Oh, Marge, I'm tied up then. I'm going shopping in Des Moines. Good chance to get a lot of things done I've been putting off. You know, with Richard and the kids gone."

Her hand lay quietly upon him. She could feel the muscle running from his neck along his shoulder, just back of his collarbone. She was looking down on the thick gray hair, neatly parted. Marge babbled on.

"Yes, Richard called a little while ago.... No, the judging's not till Wednesday, tomorrow. Richard said it'd be late Friday before they're home. Something they want to see on Thursday. It's a long drive, particularly in the stock truck.... No, football practice doesn't start for another week. Uh-huh, a week. At least that's what Michael said."

She was conscious of how warm his body felt through the shirt. The warmth came into her hand, moved up her arm, and from there spread through her to wherever it wanted to go, with no effort - indeed, with no control - from her. He was still, not wanting to make any noise that might cause Marge to wonder. Francesca understood this.

"Oh, yes, that was a man asking directions." As she guessed, Floyd Clark had gone right home and told his wife about the green pickup he had seen in the Johnsons' yard on his way by yesterday.

"A photographer? Gosh, I don't know. I didn't pay much attention. Could have been." The lies were coming easier now.

"He was looking for Roseman Bridge... Is that right? Taking pictures of the old bridges, huh? Oh, well, that's harmless enough.



"Hippie?" Francesca giggled and watched Kincaid's head shake slowly back and forth. "Well, I'm not sure what a hippie looks like. This fellow was polite. He only stayed a minute or two and then was gone.... I don't know whether they have hippies in Italy, Marge. I haven't been there for eight years. Besides, like I said, I'm not sure I'd know a hippie if I saw one."



Marge was talking on about free love and drugs she'd read about somewhere. "Marge, I was just getting ready to step into my bath when you called, so I'd better run before the water gets cold.... Okay, I'll call soon. Bye."

She disliked removing her hand from his shoulder, but there was no good excuse not to remove it. So she walked to the sink and turned on the radio. More country music. She adjusted the dial until the sound of a big band came on and left it there.

'"Tangerine,"' he said.

"What?"

"The song. It's called 'Tangerine.' It's about an Argentinian woman." Talking around the edges of things again. Saying anything, anything. Fighting for time and the sense of it all, hearing somewhere back in his mind the faint click of a door shutting behind two people in an Iowa kitchen.

She smiled softly at him. "Are you hungry? I have supper ready whenever you want."

"It was a long, good day. I wouldn't mind another beer before I eat. Will you have one with me?" She would. He opened two and set one on her side of the table.

Francesca was pleased with how she looked and how she felt. Feminine. That's how she felt. Light and warm and feminine. She sat on the kitchen chair, crossed her legs, and the hem of her skirt rode up well above her right knee. Kincaid was leaning against the refrigerator, arms folded across his chest, Budweiser in his right hand. She was pleased that he noticed her legs, and he did.

He noticed all of her. He could have walked out on this earlier, could still walk. Rationality shouted at him. "Let it go, Kincaid, get back on the road. Shoot the bridges, go to India. Stop in Bangkok on the way and look up the silk merchant's daughter who knows every ecstatic secret. Swim naked with her at dawn in jungle pools and listen to her scream as you turn her inside out at twilight. Let go of this," the voice was hissing now, "it's outrunning you."

But the slow street tango had begun. Somewhere it played; he could hear it, an old accordion. It was far back, or far ahead, he couldn't be sure. Yet it moved toward him steadily. And the sound of it blurred his criteria and funneled down his alternatives toward unity. And there was nowhere left to go, except toward Francesca Johnson.

"We could dance, if you like. The music's pretty good for it," he said in that serious, shy way of his. Then he quickly tacked on his caveat: "I'm not much of a dancer, but if you'd like to, I can probably handle it in a kitchen."

Jack scratched at the porch door, wanting in. He could stay out.

Francesca blushed only a little. "Okay. But I don't dance much, either... anymore. I did as a young girl in Italy, but now it's just pretty much on New Year's Eve, and then only a little bit."



He smiled and put his beer on the counter. She rose, and they moved toward each other. "It's your Tuesday night dance party from WGN, Chicago," said the smooth baritone. "We'll be back after these messages."



They both laughed. Telephones and commercials. Something there was that kept inserting reality between them. They knew it without saying it.

But he had reached out and taken her right hand anyway, in his left. He leaned easily against the counter, legs crossed at the ankles, right one on top. She rested beside him, against the sink, and looked out the window near the table, feeling his slim fingers around her hand. There was no breeze, and the corn was growing.

"Oh, just a minute." She reluctantly removed her hand from his and opened the bottom right cupboard. From it, she took two white candles she had bought in Des Moines that morning, along with a small brass holder for each candle. She put them on the table.

He walked over, tilted each one, and lit it, while she snapped off the overhead light. It was dark now, except for the small flames pointing straight upward. The plain kitchen had never looked this good.

The music started again. Fortunately, for both of them, it was a slow rendition of "Autumn Leaves."

She felt awkward. So did he. But he took her hand, put an arm around her waist, she moved into him, and the awkwardness vanished. Somehow, it worked in an easy kind of way. He moved his arm farther around her waist and pulled her closer.

She could smell him, clean and soaped and warm. A good, fundamental smell of a civilized man who seemed, in some part of himself, aboriginal.

"Nice perfume," he said, bringing their hands in to lie upon his chest, near his shoulder.

"Thank you."

They danced, slowly. Not moving very far in any direction. She could feel his legs against hers, their stomachs touching occasionally.

The song ended, but he held on to her, hummed the melody that had just played, and they stayed as they were until the next song began. He automatically led her into it, and the dance went on, while locusts complained about the coming of September.

She could feel the muscles of his shoulder through the light cotton shirt. He was real, more real than anything she'd ever known. He bent slightly to put his cheek against hers.

During the time they spent together, he once referred to himself as one of the last cowboys. They had been sitting on the grass by the pump out back. She didn't understand and asked him about it.

"There's a certain breed of man that's obsolete," he had said. "Or very nearly so. The world is getting organized, way too organized for me and some others. Everything in its place, a place for everything. Well, my camera equipment is pretty well organized, I admit, but I'm talking about something more than that. Rules and regulations and laws and social conventions'. Hierarchies of authority, spans of control, long-range plans, and budgets. A world of wrinkled suits and stick-on nametags.

"Not all men are the same. Some will do okay in the world that's coming. Some, maybe just a few of us, will not. You can see it in computers and robots and what they bring. In older worlds, there were things we could do, were designed to do, that nobody or no machine could do. We run fast, are strong and quick, aggressive and tough. We were given courage. We can throw spears long distances and fight in hand-to-hand combat.



"Eventually, computers and robots will run things. Humans will manage those machines, but that doesn't require courage or strength, or any characteristics like those. In fact, men are outliving their usefulness. All you need are sperm banks to keep the species going, and those are coming along now. Most men are rotten lovers, women say, so there's not much loss in replacing sex with science.



"We're giving up free range, getting organized. Efficiency and effectiveness and all those other things. And with the loss of free range, the cowboy disappears, along with the mountain lion and gray wolf. There's not much room left for travelers.

"I'm one of the last cowboys. My job gives me free range of a sort. As much as you can find nowadays. I'm not sad about it. Maybe a little wistful, I guess. But it's got to happen; it's the only way we'll keep from destroying ourselves.

"It's probably time to put away the things of childhood and grow up. Hell, I recognize it. I admit it. I'm just trying to make some good pictures and get out of fife before I'm totally obsolete or do some serious damage."

Over the years, she had thought about what he'd said. It seemed right to her, somehow, on the surface of it. Yet the ways of him contradicted what he said. He had a certain aggressiveness to him, but he seemed to be able to control it. And that's what had both confused and attracted her.

On that Tuesday night, they had moved closer and closer together, dancing in the kitchen. Francesca was pressed close against his chest, and she wondered if he could feel her breasts through the dress and his shirt and was certain he could.



He felt so good to her. She wanted this to run forever. More old songs, more dancing, more of his body against hers. She had become a woman again. There was room to dance again. In a slow way, she was turning for home, toward a place she'd never been.



It was hot. The humidity was up, and thunder rolled far in the southwest.

He was falling into her now. And she into him. She moved her cheek away from his, looked up at him with dark eyes, and he kissed her, and she kissed back, longtime soft kissing, a river of it.

They gave up the pretense of dancing, and her arms went around his neck. His left hand was on her waist behind her back, the other brushing across her neck and her cheek and her hair.

Sitting by the window on her sixty-seventh birthday, Francesca watched the rain and remembered. She carried her brandy into the kitchen and stopped for a moment, staring at the exact spot where the two of them had stood. The feelings inside of her were overwhelming; they always were. And they were so strong that she had dared do this in detail only once a year or her mind somehow would have crashed.

She tried hard to avoid her recollections. Though in the last few years, the detail was coming back more and more often. She had ceased trying to stop him from coming into her. The images were clear, and real, and present. And so far back. Twenty-two years back. But slowly they were becoming her reality once again, the only one in which she cared to live.

She knew she was sixty-seven and accepted it, but she could not imagine Robert Kincaid being nearly seventy- five. Could not think of it, could not conceive of it. He was here with her, right in this kitchen, in his white shirt, long gray hair, khaki slacks, brown sandals, silver bracelet, and silver chain around his neck. He was here with his arms around her.



She finally pulled back from him, from where they stood in the kitchen, and took his hand, leading him toward the stairs, up the stairs, past Carolyn's room, past Michael's room, and into her room, turning on a small reading lamp by the bed.



Now, all these years later, Francesca carried her brandy and walked slowly up the stairs, her right hand trailing behind her to bring along the memory of him up the stairs and down the hallway into the bedroom.

The physical images were carved in her mind very clearly. She remembered the clothes coming off and the two of them naked in bed. She remembered how he held himself just above her and moved his chest slowly against her belly and across her breasts. How he did this again and again, like some animal courting rite in an old zoology text. As he moved over her, he alternately kissed her lips or ears or ran his tongue along her neck, licking her as some fine leopard might do in long grass out on the savannah.

He was an animal. A graceful, hard, male animal who did nothing openly to dominate her yet dominated her completely, in the exact way she wanted that to happen at this moment.

But it was far beyond the physical, though the fact that he could make love for a long time without tiring was part of it. Loving him was - it sounded almost trite to her now, given the attention paid to such matters over the last two decades - spiritual. It was spiritual, but it wasn't trite.

In the midst of it, the lovemaking, she had whispered it to him, put it in one sentence: "Robert, you're so powerful it's frightening." He was powerful physically, but he used his strength carefully. It was more than that, however.

Sex was one thing. In the time since she'd met him, she had settled into the anticipation - the possibility, anyway - of something pleasurable, a breaking with a routine of sameness. She hadn't counted on his curious power.

It was almost as if he had taken possession of her, in all of her dimensions. That's what was frightening. She never had doubted at the beginning that one part of her could remain aloof from whatever she and Robert Kincaid did, the part that belonged to her family and life in Madison County.

But he simply took it away, all of it. She should have known when he first stepped out of his truck to ask directions. He had seemed shaman-like then, and her original judgment was correct.

They would make love for an hour, maybe more, then he would pull slowly away and look at her, lighting a cigarette and one for her. Or sometimes he would just lie beside her, always with one hand moving on her body. Then he was inside her again, whispering soft words into her ear, as he loved her, kissing her between phrases, between words, his arm around her waist, pulling her into him and him into her.

And she would begin to turn in her mind, letting him take her where he lived, and he lived in strange, haunted places.

With her face buried in his neck and her skin against his, she could smell rivers and wood smoke, could hear steaming trains chuffing out of winter stations, could see travelers in black robes moving steadily along frozen rivers and through summer meadows, beating their way toward the end of things.

And she murmured, softly, breathlessly, "Oh, Robert... Robert... I am losing myself."



She, who had ceased having orgasms years ago, had them in long sequences now with a half-man, half-something-else creature. She wondered about him and his endurance, and he told her that he could reach those places in his mind as well as physically, and that the orgasms of the mind had their own special character.



She had no idea what he meant. All she knew was that he had pulled in a tether of some kind and wound it around both of them so tightly she would have suffocated had it not been for the freedom from herself she felt.

The night went on, and the great dance continued. Robert Kincaid left only that part of himself that dealt with shape and sound and shadow. And he heard the words he whispered to her, as if a voice other than his own were saying them. Fragments of a Rilke poem, "around the ancient tower... I have been circling for a thousand years." The lines to a Navajo sun chant. He whispered to her of the visions she brought to him - of blowing sand and brown pelicans riding the backs of dolphins moving north along the coast of Africa.

Sounds, small, unintelligible sounds, came from her mouth as she arched herself toward him. But it was a language he understood completely, and in this woman beneath him, deep inside her, Robert Kincaid's long search came to an end.

And he knew finally the meaning of all the small footprints on all the deserted beaches he had ever walked, of all the secret cargoes carried by ships that had never sailed, of all the faces that had watched him pass down winding streets of twilight cities. And, like a hunter who has traveled distant miles and now sees the light of his home campfires, his loneliness dissolved. At last. At last. He had come so far... so far.



Toward morning, he raised himself slightly and said, looking straight into her eyes, "This is why I'm here on this planet, at this time, Francesca. Not to travel or make pictures, but to love you. I know that now. I have been falling from the rim of a great, high place, somewhere back in time, for many more years than I have lived in this life. And through all of those years, I have been falling toward you."



When they came downstairs, the radio was still on. Dawn had come up, but the sun lay behind a thin cloud cover.

"Francesca, I have a favor to ask." He smiled at her as she fussed with the coffeepot.

"Yes?" She looked at him. Oh, God, I love him so, she thought.

"Slip on the jeans and T-shirt you wore last night, along with a pair of sandals. Nothing else. I want to make a picture of you as you look this morning. A photograph just for the two of us."

She went upstairs, her legs weak from being wrapped around him all night, dressed, and went outside with him to the pasture. That's where he had made the photograph she looked at each year.





The Highway and the Peregrine



Robert Kincaid gave up photography for the next few days. And except for the necessary chores, which she minimized, Francesca Johnson gave up farm life. The two of them spent all their time together, either talking or making love. Twice, when she asked, he played the guitar and sang for her in a voice somewhere between fair and good, a little uncomfortable, telling her she was his first audience. When he said that, she smiled and kissed him.



She rode with him in Harry to the Des Moines airport, where he shipped film to New York. He always sent the first few rolls ahead, when it was possible, so the editors could look at what he was getting and the technicians could check the quality.

Afterward he took her to a fancy restaurant for lunch and held her hands across the table, looking at her in his intense way. And the waiter smiled, just watching them, hoping he would feel that way sometime.

She wondered at the sense Robert Kincaid had of his ways coming to a close and the ease with which he accepted it. He could see the approaching death of cowboys and others like them, including himself. And she began to understand what he meant when he said he was at the end of a branch of evolution and that it was a dead end.

On Thursday, they talked after making love in the afternoon. Both of them knew this conversation had to occur. Both of them had been avoiding it.

"What are we going to do?" he said.

She was silent, torn-apart silent. Then, "I don't know," softly.



"Look, I'll stay here if you want, or in town, or wherever. When your family comes home, I'll simply talk with your husband and explain how it lies. It won't be easy, but I'll get it done."



She shook her head. "Richard could never get his arms around this; he doesn't think in these terms. He doesn't understand magic and passion and all those other things we talk about and experience, and he never will. That doesn't necessarily make him an inferior person. It's just too far removed from anything he's ever felt or thought about. He has no way of dealing with it."

"Are we going to let all of this go, then?" He was serious, not smiling.

"I don't know that, either. Robert, in a curious way, you own me. I didn't want to be owned, didn't need it, and I know you didn't intend that, but that's what has happened. I'm no longer sitting next to you, here on the grass. You have me inside of you as a willing prisoner."

He replied, "I'm not sure you're inside of me, or that I am inside of you, or that I own you. At least I don't want to own you. I think we're both inside of another being we have created called 'us.'

"Well, we're really not inside of that being. We are that being. We have both lost ourselves and created something else, something that exists only as an interlacing of the two of us. Christ, we're in love. As deeply, as profoundly, as it's possible to be in love.



"Come travel with me, Francesca. That's not a problem. We'll make love in desert sand and drink brandy on balconies in Mombasa. I'll show you lion country and an old French city on the Bay of Bengal where there's a wonderful rooftop restaurant, and trains that climb through mountain passes and little inns run by Basques high in the Pyrenees. In a tiger preserve in south India, there's a special place on an island in the middle of a huge lake. If you don't like the road, I'll set up shop somewhere and shoot local stuff or portraits or whatever it takes to keep us going."



"Robert, when we were making love last night, you said something that I still remember. I kept whispering to you about your power - and, my God, you have that. You said, 'I am the highway and a peregrine and all the sails that ever went to sea.' You were right. That's what you feel; you feel the road inside of you. No, more than that, in a way that I'm not certain I can explain, you are the road.

"You're old knapsacks and a truck named Harry and jet airplanes to Asia. And that's what I want you to be. If your evolutionary branch is a dead end, as you say it is, then I want you to hit that end at full speed. I'm not sure you can do that with me along. Don't you see, I love you so much that I cannot think of restraining you for a moment. To do that would be to kill the wild, magnificent animal that is you, and the power would die with it."

He started to speak, but Francesca stopped him.



"Robert, I'm not quite finished. If you took me in your arms and carried me to your truck and forced me to go with you, I wouldn't murmur a complaint. You could do the same thing just by talking to me. But I don't think you will. You're too sensitive, too aware of my feelings, for that. And I have feelings of responsibility here.



"Yes, it's boring in its way. My life, that is. It lacks romance, eroticism, dancing in the kitchen to candlelight, and the wonderful feel of a man who knows how to love a woman. Most of all, it lacks you. But there's this damn sense of responsibility I have. To Richard, to the children. Just my leaving, taking away my physical presence, would be hard enough for Richard. That alone might destroy him.

"On top of that, and this is even worse, he would have to live the rest of his life with the whispers of the people here. 'That's Richard Johnson. His hot little Italian wife ran off with some long-haired photographer a few years back.' Richard would have to suffer that, and the children would hear the snickering of Winterset for as long as they live here. They would suffer, too. And they would hate me for it.

"As much as I want you and want to be with you and part of you, I can't tear myself away from the realness of my responsibilities. If you force me, physically or mentally, to go with you, as I said earlier, I cannot fight that. I don't have the strength, given my feelings for you.

"But please don't make me. Don't make me give this up, my responsibilities. I cannot do that and live with the thought of it. If I did leave now, those thoughts would turn me into something other than the woman you have come to love."

Robert Kincaid was silent. He knew what she was saying about the road and responsibilities and how the guilt could transform her. He knew she was right, in a way. Looking out the window, he fought within himself, fought to understand her feelings. She began to cry.

Then they held each other for a long time. And he whispered to her, "I have one thing to say, one thing only; I'll never say it another time, to anyone."

They made love again that night, Thursday night, lying together until well after sunrise, touching and whispering. Francesca slept a little then, and when she awoke, the sun was high and already hot. She heard one of Harry's doors creaking and threw on some clothes.

He had made coffee and was sitting at the kitchen table, smoking, when she got there. He grinned at her. She moved across the room and buried her face in his neck, her hands in his hair, his arms around her waist. He turned her around and sat her on his lap, touching her.

Finally he stood. He had his old jeans on, with orange suspenders running over a clean khaki shirt, his boots were laced tight, the Swiss Army knife was on his belt. His photo vest hung from the back of the chair. The cowboy was saddled up.

"I'd better be going."

She nodded, beginning to cry. She saw the tears in his eyes, but he kept smiling that little smile of his.

"Is it okay if I write you sometime? I want to at least send a photo or two."

"It's all right," Francesca said, wiping her eyes on the towel hanging from the cupboard door. "I'll make some excuse for getting mail from a hippie photographer, as long as it's not too much."

"You have my Washington address and phone, right?" She nodded. "If I'm not there, call the National Geographic offices. Here, I'll write the number down for you." He wrote on the pad by the phone, tore off the sheet, and handed it to her.

"Or you can always find the number in the magazine. Ask for the editorial offices. They know where I am most of the time.



"Don't hesitate if you want to see me, or just to talk. And I'll be around here for a few more days. Think about what I've said. I can be here, settle the matter in short order, and we could drive northwest together."



Francesca said nothing. She knew he could, indeed, settle the matter in short order. Richard was five years younger than him, but no match intellectually or physically for Robert Kincaid.

He slipped into his vest. "Don't leave, Robert Kincaid," she could hear herself crying out from somewhere inside.

Taking her hand, he walked through the back door toward the truck. He opened the driver's door, put his foot on the running board, then stepped off it and held her again for several minutes. Neither of them spoke; they simply stood there, sending, receiving, remembering the feel of each on the other. Reaffirming the existence of that special being, he had talked about.

For the last time, he let her go and stepped into the truck, sitting there with the door open. Tears running down his cheeks. Tears running down her cheeks. Slowly he pulled the door shut. Harry was reluctant to start, as usual, but she could hear his boot hitting the accelerator, and the old truck eventually relented.

Robert Kincaid waved to her through the open passenger-side window. She could see the sun flashing off his silver bracelet. The top two buttons of his shirt were open.



He moved into the lane and down it. Francesca kept wiping her eyes, trying to see. As she had done the first night they met, she hurried to the head of the lane and watched the old pickup bounce along. At the end of it, the truck stopped, the driver's door swung open, and he stepped out on the running board. He could see her a hundred yards back, looking small from this distance.



He stood there, with Harry turning over in the heat, and stared. Neither of them moved; they already had said goodbye. They just looked - the Iowa farm wife, the creature at the end of his evolutionary branch, one of the last cowboys. For thirty seconds he stood there, his photographer's eyes missing nothing, making their own image that he never would lose.

He closed the door, ground the gears, and was crying again as he turned left on the county road toward Winterset. He looked back just before a grove of trees on the northwest edge of the farm would block his view and saw her sitting cross-legged in the dust where the lane began, her head in her hands.

Richard and the children arrived in early evening with stories of the fair and a ribbon the steer had won before being sold for slaughter. Carolyn was on the phone immediately. It was Friday, and Michael took the pickup truck into town for the things that seventeen-year-old boys do on Friday nights - mostly hang around the square and talk or shout at girls going by in cars. Richard turned on the television, telling Francesca how good the corn bread was as he ate a piece with butter and maple syrup.



She sat on the front porch swing. Richard came out after his program was finished at ten o'clock. He sketched and said, "Sure is good to be home." Then, looking at her, "You okay, Frannie? You seem a little tired or dreamy or somethin'."



"Yes, I'm just fine, Richard. It's good to have you back safe and sound."

"Well, I'm turnin' in; it's been a long week at the fair, and I'm bushed. You cornin', Frannie?"

"Not for a little bit. It's kind of nice out here, so I think I'll just sit awhile." She was tired, but she was also afraid Richard might have sex in mind. She just couldn't handle that tonight.

She could hear him walking around in their bedroom, above where she pushed back and forth on the swing, her bare feet on the porch floor. From the back of the house, she could hear Carolyn's radio playing.

She avoided going into town for the next few days, aware all the time that Robert Kincaid was only a few miles away. Frankly, she didn't think she could stop herself if she saw him. She might run to him and say, "Now! We must go now!"

By Tuesday, the groceries were running low and Richard needed a part for the corn picker he was getting back in shape. The day was low-slung, steady rain, light fog, cool for August.

Richard got his part and had coffee with the other men at the cafe while she shopped for groceries. He knew her schedule and was waiting out in front of the store when she finished. He jumped out and helped her load the bags into the Ford pickup, on the seat and around her knees. And she thought of tripods and knapsacks.

They drove north on U.S. Route 169, which formed the main street of Winterset. A block south of the Texaco station, she saw Harry rolling away from the pumps', windshield wipers slapping, and out onto the road ahead of them.

Their movement brought them up right behind the old pickup, and sitting high in the Ford, she could see a suitcase and guitar case wedged in next to the spare tire lying flat in the truck. The back window was rain-spattered, but part of his head was visible. He leaned over as if to get something from the glove box; eight days ago, he'd done that and his arm had brushed across her leg. A week ago, she'd been in Des Moines buying a pink dress.

"That truck's a long way from home," remarked Richard. "Washington State. Looks like a woman driving it; long hair, anyway. On second thought, I'll bet it's that photographer they been talkin' about at the cafe."

They followed Robert Kincaid a few blocks north to where 169 intersected with 92 running east and west. They had to stop, with heavy cross traffic in all directions, complicated by the rain and the fog, which had gotten heavier.

For maybe twenty seconds they sat there. He was up ahead, only thirty feet from her. She could still do it. Get out and run to Harry's right door, climb in over the knapsacks and cooler and tripods.

Since Robert Kincaid had driven away from her last Friday, she realized, in spite of how much she thought she'd cared for him then, she had badly underestimated her feelings. That didn't seem possible, but it was true. She had begun to understand what he already understood.



But she sat frozen by her responsibilities, staring at that back window harder than she had ever looked at anything in her life. His left signal light came on. In a moment, he'd be gone. Richard was fiddling with the Ford's radio.



She began to see things in slow motion, some curious trick of the mind. His turn came, and... slowly... slowly... he moved Harry into the intersection - she could visualize his long legs working the clutch and accelerator and the muscles in his right forearm flexing as he shifted gears - turning left now onto 92 toward the Northwest... slowly... slowly... the old pickup came around... so slowly it came around through the intersection, putting its nose to the west.

Through tears and rain and fog, she could barely make out the faded red paint on the door: "Kincaid Photography - Bellingham, Washington."

He had lowered his window to help him get through the bad visibility as he turned. He made the corner, and she could see his hair blowing as he began to accelerate down 92, heading west, rolling up the window as he drove.

"Oh, Christ - oh, Jesus Christ Almighty... no!" The words were inside of her. "I was wrong, Robert, I was wrong to stay... but I can't go.... Let me tell you again... why I can't go.... Tell me again why I should go."

And she heard his voice coming back down the highway. "In a universe of ambiguity, this kind of certainty comes only once, and never again, no matter how many lifetimes you live."



Richard took the truck across the intersection heading north. She looked for an instant past his face toward Harry's red taillights moving off into the fog and rain. The old Chevy pickup looked small beside a huge semitrailer roaring into Winterset, spraying a wave of road water over the last cowboy.



"Good-bye, Robert Kincaid," she whispered, and began to cry, openly.

Richard looked over at her. "What's wrong, Frannie? Will you please tell me what's wrong with you?"

"Richard, I just need some time to myself. I'll be all right in a few minutes."

Richard tuned in the noon livestock reports, looked over at her, and shook his head.





Ashes



Night had come to Madison County. It was 1987, her sixty-seventh birthday. Francesca had been lying on her bed for two hours. She could see and touch and smell and hear all of it from twenty-two years ago.

She had remembered, then remembered again. The image of those red taillights moving west along Iowa 92 in the rain and fog had stayed with her for more than two decades. God, she loved him so. Loved him then, more than she thought possible, loved him now even more. She would have done anything for him except destroy her family and maybe him as well.

She went down the stairs and sat at the old kitchen table with the yellow Formica top. Richard had bought a new one; he'd insisted on it. But she'd also asked that the old one be stored in a shed, and she had wrapped it carefully in plastic before it was put away.



"I don't see why you're so attached to this old table, anyway," he had complained while helping her move it. After Richard died, Michael had brought it back into the house for her and never asked why she wanted it in place of the newer one. He'd just looked at her in a questioning way. She'd said nothing.



Now she sat at the table. Then, going to the cupboard, she took down two white candles with small brass holders. She lit the candles and turned on the radio, slowly adjusting the dial until she found some quiet music.

She stood by the sink for a long time, her head tilted slightly upward, looking at his face, and whispered, "I remember you, Robert Kincaid. Maybe you were the last one. Maybe the cowboys are all close to dying by now."

Before Richard died, she had never tried to call Kincaid or to write, either, though she had balanced on the knife-edge of it every day for years. If she talked to him one more time, she would go to him. If she wrote him, she knew he would come for her. That's how close it was. Through the years, he never called or wrote again, after sending her the one package with the photographs. She knew he understood how she felt and the complications he could cause in her life.

She subscribed to National Geographic in September of 1965. The article on the covered bridges appeared the following year, and there was Roseman Bridge in warm first light, the morning he had found her note.



On the back page of the magazine, the writers and photographers were featured, and occasionally there were photographs of them. He was there sometimes. The same long silver hair, the bracelet, jeans or khakis, cameras hanging off his shoulders, the veins standing out on his arms. In the Kalahari, at the walls of Jaipur in India, in a canoe in Guatemala, in northern Canada. The road and the cowboy.



She clipped these and kept them in the manila envelope with the covered-bridge issue of the magazine, the two photographs, and his letter. She put the envelope beneath her underwear in the bureau, a place Richard would never look. And like some distant observer tracking him through the years, she watched Robert Kincaid grow older.

The grin was still there, even the long, lean body with the good muscles. But she could tell by the lines around his eyes, the slight droop of the strong shoulders, the slowly sagging face. She could tell. She had studied that body more closely than anything else in her life, more closely than her own body. And his aging made her long even more for him, if that was possible. She suspected - no, she knew - he was by himself. And he was.

In the candlelight, at the table, she studied the clippings. He looked out at her from places far away. She came to the special picture from a 1967 issue. He was by a river in East Africa, facing the camera and up close to it, squatting down, getting ready to take a photograph of something.

When she had first looked at this clipping, years ago, she could see that the silver chain around his neck now had a small medallion attached to it. Michael was away at college, and when Richard and Carolyn had gone to bed, she got out a powerful magnifying glass Michael had used for his stamp collection when he was young and brought it close to the photo.



"My God," she breathed. The medallion said "Francesca" on it. That was his one small indiscretion, and she forgave him for it, smiling. In all of the photos after that, the medallion was always there on the silver chain.



After 1975, she never saw him again in the magazine. She searched every issue but found nothing. He would have been sixty-two that year.

When Richard died in 1979, when the funeral was over and the children had gone back to their own homes, she thought about calling Robert Kincaid. He would be sixty-six; she was fifty-nine. There was still time, even with the loss of fourteen years. She thought hard about it for a week and finally took the number off his letterhead and dialed it.

Her heart nearly stopped when the phone began to ring. She heard the receiver being picked up and almost put the phone back on the hook. A woman's voice said, "McGregor Insurance." Francesca asked the secretary if she had dialed the correct number. She had. Francesca thanked her and hung up.

Next, she tried the Information operator in Bellingham, Washington. Nothing listed. She tried Seattle. Nothing. She asked if they would check the city directories. They did, and he was not listed. He could be anywhere, she thought.

She remembered the magazine; he had said to call there. The receptionist was polite but new, and had to get someone to help her with the request. Francesca's call was transferred three times before she talked with an associate editor who had been at the magazine for twenty years. She asked about Robert Kincaid.



Of course, the editor remembered him. "Trying to locate him, huh? He was a hell of a photographer, if you'll excuse the language. He was snappish, not in a nasty way, but persistent. He was after art for-art's sake, and that doesn't work very well with our readership. Our readership wants nice pictures, skillful pictures, but nothing too wild.



"We always said Kincaid was a little strange; none of us knew him well outside of the work he did for us. But he was a pro. We could send him anywhere, and he'd deliver, even though he disagreed with our editorial decisions most of the time. As for his whereabouts, I've been checking our files while we talked. He left the magazine in 1975. The address and phone number I have are..." He read off the same information Francesca already had. She stopped trying after that, mostly because she was afraid of what she might discover.

She was thinking more and more about Robert Kincaid. She was still able to drive well enough, and several times a year she would go to Des Moines and have lunch in the restaurant where he had taken her. On one of those trips, she bought a leather-bound book of blank pages. And on those pages she began recording in neat handwriting the details of her love affair with him and her thoughts about him. It required nearly three volumes of the notebooks before she was satisfied she had completed her task.

Winterset was improving. Interesting young folks were building houses in the hills. Things had loosened up, long hair was no longer cause for stares, though sandals on men were still pretty scarce and poets were few.



Yet except for a few women friends, she withdrew completely from the community. People remarked about it and how they often would see her standing by Roseman Bridge and sometimes by Cedar Bridge. Old folks frequently become strange, they said.



On the second of February 1982, a United Parcel Service truck came up her driveway. She hadn't ordered anything she could recall. Puzzled, she signed for the package and looked at the address: "Francesca Johnson, RR 2, Winterset, Iowa 50273." The return address was a law firm in Seattle.

The package was neatly wrapped. She placed it on the kitchen table and opened it carefully. Inside were three boxes, packed securely in Styrofoam. Taped to the top of one was a small padded envelope. To another was taped a business envelope addressed to her and carrying the law firm's return address.

She removed the tape from the business envelope and opened it, shaking.



January 25, 1982

Ms. Francesca Johnson

RR2

Winterset, IA 50273

Dear Ms. Johnson:

We represent the estate of one Robert L. Kincaid, who recently passed away....



Francesca laid the letter on the table. Outside, snow blew across the fields of winter. She read the words once more.

We represent the estate of one Robert L. Kincaid, who recently passed away...

"Oh, Robert... Robert... no." She said it softly and bowed her head.

An hour later, she was able to continue reading. The straightforward language of the law, the precision of the words, angered her.



"We represent..."



An attorney carrying out his duties to a client.

But the leopard who came riding in on the tail of a comet, the shaman who was looking for Roseman Bridge on a hot August day, and the man who stood on the running board of a truck named Harry and looked back at her dying in the dust of an Iowa farm lane - where was he in those words?

The letter should have been a thousand pages long. It should have talked about the end of evolutionary chains and the loss of free range, about cowboys struggling to survive.



The only will he left was dated July 8, 1967. His instructions about having the enclosed items delivered to you were explicit. If you could not be found, the materials were to be incinerated.

Also enclosed inside the box marked with the word "Letter" is a message for you he left with us in 1978. He sealed the envelope, and it has been left unopened.

Mr. Kincaid's remains were cremated. At his request, no marker was placed anywhere. His ashes were scattered, also at his request, near your home by an associate of ours. I believe the location was called Roseman Bridge.

If we may be of further service, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Sincerely yours,

Allen B. Quippen, Attorney at Law



She caught her breath, dried her eyes again, and began to examine the remaining contents of the box.



She knew what was in the small padded envelope. She knew it as surely as she knew spring would come again this year. She opened it carefully and reached in. Out came the silver chain. The medallion attached to it was scratched and read "Francesca." On the back, in tiny letters, was: "If found, please send to Francesca Johnson, RR 2, Winterset, Iowa, USA."



His silver bracelet was wrapped in tissue paper at the bottom of the envelope. A slip of paper was included with the bracelet. It was her handwriting:

If you'd like supper again when "white moths are on the wing," come by tonight after you're finished.

Her note from the Roseman Bridge. He'd kept even that for his memories.

Then she remembered that was the only thing he had of hers, his only evidence she existed, besides decaying film emulsions. The little note from Roseman Bridge. It was stained and curved, as if it had been carried in a billfold for a long time.

She wondered how many times he had read it over the years. She could imagine him holding the note before him in the thin light of a reading lamp on a nonstop jet to somewhere, sitting on the floor of a bamboo hut in tiger country and reading it by flashlight, folding and putting it away on a rainy night in Bellingham, then looking at photographs of a woman leaning against a fence post on a summer morning or coming out of a covered bridge at sundown.

The three boxes each contained a camera with a lens attached. They were battered, scarred. Turning one around, she could read "Nikon" on the viewfinder and, just to the upper left of the Nikon label, the letter F. It was the camera she had handed him at Cedar Bridge.



Finally, she opened the letter from him. It was written in longhand on his stationery and dated August 16, 1978.





Dear Francesca,

I hope this finds you well. I don't know when you'll receive it. Sometime after I'm gone. I'm sixty-five now, and it's been thirteen years ago today that we met when I came up your lane looking for directions.

I'm hoping that this package won't upset your life in any way. I just couldn't bear to think of the cameras sitting in a secondhand case in a camera store or in some stranger's hands. They'll be in pretty rough shape by the time you get them. But, I have no one else to leave them to, and I apologize for putting you at risk by sending them to you.

I was on the road almost constantly from 1965 to 1975. Just to remove the temptation to call you or come for you, a temptation I have virtually every waking moment of my life, I took all of the overseas assignments could find. There have been times, many of them, when I've said, "The hell with it. I'm going to Winterset, Iowa, and, whatever the cost, take Francesca away with me."

But I remember your words, and I respect your feelings. Maybe you were right; I just don't know. I do know that driving out of your lane that hot Friday morning was the hardest thing I've ever done or will ever do. In fact, I doubt if few men have ever done anything more difficult than that.



I left National Geographic in 1975 and have been devoting my shooting time mostly to things of my own choosing, picking up a little work where I can get it, local or regional stuff that keeps me away only a few days at a time. It's been tough financially, but I get along. I always do.



Oh, yes, I have a dog now, a golden retrieved. I call him "Highway," and he travels with me most of the time, head hanging out the window, looking for good shots.

In 1972, I fell down a cliff in Maine, and broke my ankle. The chain and medallion got torn off in the fall. Fortunately, they landed close by. I found them again, and a jeweler repaired the chain.

I live with dust on my heart. That's about as well as I can put it. There were women before you, a few, but none after. I'm just not interested.

I once watched a Canada goose whose mate had been shot by hunters. They mate for life, you know. The gander circled the pond for days, and more days after that. When I last saw him, he was swimming alone, still looking. I suppose that analogy is a little too obvious for literary tastes, but it's pretty much the way I feel.

In my imagination, on foggy mornings or afternoons with the sun bouncing off north-west water, I try to think of where you might be in your life and what you might be doing as I'm thinking of you. Nothing complicated-going out to your garden, sitting on your front porch swing, standing at the sink in your kitchen. Things like that.

I remember everything. How you smelled, how you tasted like the summer. The feel of your skin against mine, and the sound of your whispers as I loved you.



Robert Penn Warren once used the phrase "a world that seems to be God-abandoned." Not bad, pretty close to how I feel some of the time. But I cannot live that way always. When those feelings become too strong, I load Harry and go down the road with Highway for a few days.



I don't like feeling sorry for myself. That's not who lam. And most of the time I don't feel that way. Instead, I am grateful for having at least found you. We could have flashed by one another like two pieces of cosmic dust.

To the universe, four days is no different than four billion light years. I try to keep that in mind.

But, I am, after all, a man. And all the philosophic rationalizations lean conjure up do not keep me from wanting you, every day, every moment, which I can never spend with you, deep within my head.

I love you, profoundly and completely. And I always will.

The last cowboy,

Robert

P.S. I put another new engine in Harry last summer, and he's doing fine.



The package arrived five years ago. And looking at the contents had become part of her annual birthday ritual. She kept his cameras, bracelet, and the chain with the medallion in a special chest in the closet. A local carpenter had made the box to her design. "Pretty fancy box," he had said. Francesca had only smiled.

At the end of her sixty-seventh birthday, when the rain had stopped, Francesca put the manila envelope in the bottom drawer of the roll-top desk. She had decided to keep it in her safe deposit box at the bank after Richard died but brought it home for a few days each year at this time.



Earlier in the afternoon, she had visited Roseman Bridge. Now she walked out on the porch, dried off the swing with a towel, and sat down. It was cold, but she would stay for a few minutes, as she always did. Then she walked to the yard gate and stood. Then to the head of the lane. Twenty-two years later, she could see him stepping from his truck in the late afternoon, trying to find his way; she could see Harry bouncing toward the county road, then stopping, and Robert Kincaid standing on the running board, looking back up the lane.





A Letter from Francesca



Francesca Johnson died in January of 1989. She was sixty- nine years old at the time of her death. Robert Kincaid would have been seventy-six that year. The cause of death was listed as "natural." "She just died," the doctor told Michael and Carolyn. "Actually, we're a little confused. We can find no specific cause for her death. A neighbor found her slumped over the kitchen table."

In a 1982 letter to her attorney, she had requested that her remains be cremated and her ashes scattered at Roseman Bridge. Cremation was an uncommon practice in Madison County and her wish generated considerable discussion at the cafe and the Texaco station. The procedure itself was not made public.

Following the memorial service, Michael and Carolyn drove slowly to Roseman Bridge and carried out Francesca's instructions. Though it was nearby, the bridge had never been special to the Johnson family, and they wondered, and wondered again, why their rather sensible mother would behave in such a strange way and why she had not asked to be buried by their father, as was customary.



Following that, Michael and Carolyn began the long process of sorting through the house and brought home the materials from the safe deposit box after they were examined by the local attorney.



They divided the materials from the box and began looking through them. The manila envelope was in Carolyn's stack. She was puzzled when she opened it and removed the contents. She read Robert Kincaid's 1965 letter to Francesca. After that, she read his 1978 letter, then the 1982 letter from the Seattle attorney. Finally, she studied the magazine clippings.

"Michael."

He caught the mixture of surprise and musing in her voice and looked up immediately. "What is it?"

Carolyn had tears in her eyes. "Mother was in love with a man named Robert Kincaid. He was a photographer. Remember when we all had to see the copy of National Geographic with the bridge story in it? He was the one who took the pictures of the bridges here. And remember all the kids talking about the strange-looking guy with the cameras back then? That was him."

Michael sat across from her, his tie loosened, collar open. "Say that again, slowly. I can't believe I heard you correctly."

After reading the letters, Michael searched the downstairs closet, then went upstairs to Francesca's bedroom. He had never noticed the walnut box before and opened it. He carried it down to the kitchen table. "Carolyn, here are his cameras."

Tucked in one end of the box was a sealed envelope with "Carolyn or Michael" written on it in Francesca's script, and lying between the cameras were three leather-bound notebooks.

"I'm not sure I'm capable of reading what's in that envelope," said Michael. "Read it out loud to me, if you can do it."

She opened the envelope and read aloud.



January 7, 1987

Dear Carolyn and Michael,

Though I'm feeling just fine, I think it's time for me to get my affairs in order (as they say). There is something, something very important, you need to know about. That's why I'm writing this.

After looking through the safe deposit box and finding the large manila envelope addressed to me with a 1965 postmark, I'm sure you'll eventually come to this letter. If possible, please sit at the old kitchen table to read it. You'll understand that request shortly)

It's hard for me to write this to my own children, but l must. There's something here that's too strong, too beautiful, to die with me. And if you are to know who your mother was, all the goods and bad, you need to know what I'm about to say. Brace yourself.

As you've already discovered, his name was Robert Kincaid. He was a photographer, and he was here in 1965 photographing the covered bridges.

Remember how excited the town was when the pictures appeared in National Geographic. You may also recall that I began receiving the magazine about that time. Now you know the reason for my sudden interest in it.

Understand, I loved your father in a quiet fashion. I knew it then, I know it now. He was good to me and gave me the two of you, who I treasure. Don't forget that.

But Robert Kincaid was something quite different, like nobody I've ever seen or heard or read about through my entire life. To make you understand him completely is impossible. Maybe the notebooks and magazine clippings will help, but even those will not be enough.



In a way, he was not of this earth. That's about as clear as I can say it. I've always thought of him as a leopard-like creature who rode in on the tail of a comet. He somehow coupled enormous passion with warmth and kindness, and there was a vague sense of tragedy about him. He felt he was becoming obsolete in a world of computers and robots and organized living in general. He saw himself as one of the last cowboys, as he put it, and called himself old-fangled



The first time I ever saw him was when he stopped and asked directions to Roseman Bridge. The three of you were at the Illinois State Fair. Believe me, I was not seeking any adventure. That was the furthest thing from my mind. But I looked at him for less than five seconds, and I knew I wanted him.

And please don't think of him as some Casanova running around taking advantage of country girls. He wasn't like that at all. In fact, he was a little shy, and I had as much to do with what happened as he did. More, in fact. The note tucked in with his bracelet is one I posted on Roseman Bridge so he would see it the morning after we first met. Aside from his photographs of me, it's the only piece of evidence he had over the years that I actually existed, that I was not just some dream he had.

I know children have a tendency to think of their parents as rather asexual, so I hope what I'm going to say won't shock you, and I certainly hope it won't destroy your memory of me.



In our old kitchen, Robert and I spent hours together. We talked and danced by candlelight. And, yes, we made love there and in the bedroom and in the pasture grass and just about anywhere else you can think of. It was incredible, powerful, transcending lovemaking, and it went on for days, almost without stopping.



He was like an arrow in his passion. And I was overwhelmed by his emotional and physical power. Once when I whispered that to him, he simply said, "I am the highway and a peregrine and all the sails that ever went to sea."

I checked the dictionary later. There are some meanings of the word "peregrine", and he would have been aware of that'. He was all of those things - a stranger, a foreigner in the more general sense of the word, a wanderer, and he also was falcon- like, now that I think of it.

If not for your father and the two of you, I would have gone anywhere with him, instantly. He asked me to go, begged me to go. But I wouldn't, and he was too much of a sensitive and caring person to ever interfere in our lives after that.

The paradox is this: If it hadn't been for Robert Kincaid, I'm not sure I could have stayed on the farm all these years. In four days, he gave me a lifetime, a universe, and made the separate parts of me into a whole. I have never stopped thinking of him, not for a moment. But it never took away from anything I felt for the two of you or your father. Thinking only of myself for a moment, I'm not sure I made the right decision. But taking the family into account, I'm pretty sure I did.

Robert believed the world had become too rational, had stopped trusting in magic. I've often wondered if I was too rational in making my decision.



I'm sure you found my burial request incomprehensible, thinking perhaps it was the product of an old woman. After reading the 1982 Seattle attorney's letter and my notebooks, you'll understand why I made that request. I gave my family my life; I gave Robert Kincaid what was left of me.



I think Richard knew there was something in me he could not reach, and I sometimes wonder if he found the manila envelope when I kept it at home in the bureau. Just before he died, I was sitting by him in a Des Moines hospital, and he said this to me: "Francesca, I know you had your own dreams, too. I'm sorry I couldn't give them to you." That was the most touching moment of our lives together.

I don't want to make you feel guilt or pity or any of those things. I only want you to know how much I loved Robert Kincaid. I dealt with it day by day, all these years, just as he did.

Though we never spoke again to one another, we remained bound together as tightly as it's possible for two people to be bound. I cannot find the words to express this adequately. He said it best when he told me we had ceased being separate beings and, instead, had become a third being formed by the two of us. Neither of us existed independent of that being. And that being was left to wander.

Carolyn, remember the horrible argument we had once about the light pink dress in my closet? You had seen it and wanted to wear it. That was the dress I wore the first night Robert and I made love. I've never looked as good in my entire life as I did that night. The dress was my small and foolish memory of that time. That's why I never wore it again and why I refused to let you wear it.

After Robert left here in 1965, I realized I knew very little about him, in terms of his family history. He was an only child, both his parents were dead, and he was born in a small town in Ohio.



I'm not even sure if he went to college or even high school, but he had an intelligence that was brilliant in a raw, primitive, almost mystical fashion. Oh yes, he was a combat photographer with the marines in the South Pacific during World War II.



He was married once and divorced, a longtime before he met me. There were no children. His wife had been a musician of some kind, a folksinger I think he said, and his long absences on photographic expeditions were just too hard on the marriage. He took the blame for the breakup.

Other than that, Robert had no family, as far as I know. I am asking you to make him part of ours, however difficult that may seem to you at first. At least I had a family. Robert was alone. That was not fair, and I knew it.

I prefer that all of this be kept within the Johnson family, somehow. I'll leave it to your judgment, though.

In any case, I'm certainly not ashamed of what Robert Kincaid and I had together. On the contrary. I loved him desperately throughout all these years, though I tried to contact him only once. That was after your father died. The attempt failed, and I was afraid something had happened to him, so I never tried again out of that fear. I simply couldn't face that reality. So you can imagine how I felt when the package with the attorney's letter arrived in 1982.

As I said, I hope you understand and don't think ill of me. If you love me, then you must love what I have done.

Robert Kincaid taught me what it was like to be a woman in a way that few women, maybe none, will ever experience. He was fine and warm, and he deserves, certainly, your respect and maybe your love. I hope you can give him both of those. In his own way, through me, he was good to you.

Go welt, my children.

Mother



There was silence in the old kitchen. Michael took a deep breath and looked out the window. Carolyn looked around her, at the sink, the floor, at the table, at everything.



When she spoke, her voice was almost a whisper. "Oh, Michael, Michael, think of them all those years, wanting each other so desperately. She gave him up for us and for Dad. And Robert Kincaid stayed away out of respect for her feelings about us. Michael, I can hardly deal with the thought of it. We treat our marriages so casually, and we were part of the reason that an incredible love affair ended the way it did.



"They had four days together, just four. Out of a lifetime. It was when we went to that ridiculous state fair in Illinois. Look at the picture of Mom. I never saw her like that. She's so beautiful, and it's not the photograph. It's what he did for her. Just look at her; she's wild and free. Her hair's blowing in the wind, her face is alive. She just looks wonderful."

"Jesus," was all Michael could say, wiping his forehead with the kitchen towel.

Carolyn spoke again. "Apparently he never tried to contact her all these years. And he must have died alone; that's why he had the cameras sent to her.

"I remember the fight Mom and I had over the pink dress. It went on for days. I whined and asked why. Then I refused to speak to her. All she ever said was, 'No, Carolyn, not that one.'"

And Michael remembered the old table at which they were sitting. That's why Francesca had asked him to bring it back into the kitchen after their father died.

Carolyn opened the small padded envelope. "Here's his bracelet and his silver chain and medallion. And here's the note Mother mentioned in her letter, the one she put on Roseman Bridge. That's why the photo he sent of the bridge shows the piece of paper tacked to it.

"Michael, what are we going to do? Think about it for a moment; I'll be right back."

She ran up the stairs and returned in a few minutes carrying the pink dress folded carefully in plastic. She shook it out and held it up for Michael to see.



"Just imagine her wearing this and dancing with him here in the kitchen. Think of all the time we've spent here and the images she must have seen while cooking and sitting here with us, talking about our problems, about where to go to college, about how hard it is to have a successful marriage. God, we're so innocent and immature compared to her."



Michael nodded and turned to the cupboards above the sink. "Do you suppose Mother kept anything to drink around here? Lord knows I can use it. And, to answer your question, I don't know what we're going to do."

He rummaged through the cupboards and found a bottle of brandy, almost empty. "There's enough for two drinks here, Carolyn. Want one?"

"Yes."



Michael took the only two brandy glasses from the cupboard and set them on the yellow Formica table. He emptied Francesca's last bottle of brandy into them, while Carolyn silently began reading volume one of the notebooks. "Robert Kincaid came to me on the sixteenth of August, a Monday, in 1965. He was trying to find Roseman Bridge. It was late afternoon, hot, and he was driving a pickup truck he called Harry..."





Postscript:

The Tacoma Nighthawk



As I wrote the story of Robert Kincaid and Francesca Johnson, I became more and more intrigued with Kincaid and how little any of us knew about him and his life. Only a few weeks before the book went to the printers, I flew to Seattle and tried again to find additional information about him.



I had an idea that since he liked music, and was an artist himself, there might have been someone in the music and art culture of the Puget Sound area who knew him. The arts editor of the Seattle Times' was helpful. I got access to pertinent sections of the newspaper from 1975 through 1982, the period in which I was most interested.



Finally, I came across a photo of a black jazz musician, a tenor saxophone player named John "Nighthawk" Cummings. And beside the photo was the credit line Robert Kincaid. The local musicians' union provided me with Cummings's address and told that he had not played actively for some years.



It took several visits to his apartment before I found him at home. He was careful, initially, of my inquiries. But I convinced him I had a serious and good interest in Kincaid, and he became cordial and open after that. What follows is a slightly edited transcript of my interview with Cummings, who was seventy at the time I talked with him. I simply turned on my tape recorder and let him tell me about Robert Kincaid.





Interview with "Nighthawk" Cummings



I was doin' a gig up in Seattle where I was livin' at the time, and I needed a good black-and-white glossy of myself for publicity. The bass player told me there was a guy livin' out on one of the islands who did some good work. He didn't have a phone, so I sent him a postcard.



He came by, a real strange-lookin' old dude in jeans and boots and orange suspenders, takes out these old beat- up cameras that didn't even look like they'd work, and I thought, Uh-oh. He put me up against a light-colored wall with my horn and told me to play and keep on playing. So I played. For the first three minutes or so, the guy just stood there and looked at me hard, real hard, with the coolest blue eyes you've ever seen.

After a little while, he starts takin' pictures. Then he asks if I'll play "Autumn Leaves." And I do that. I play the tune for maybe ten minutes straight while he keeps banging away with his cameras, takin' one shot after another. Then he says, "Fine, I've got it. I'll have them for you tomorrow."

Next day he brings them by, and I'm knocked over. I've had a lot of pictures taken of me, but these were the best, by far. He charged me fifty dollars, which seemed pretty cheap to me. He thanks me, leaves, and on his way out asks where I'm playin'.

A few nights later, I look out at the audience and see him sittin' at a table off in the corner, listenin' real hard. Well, he started cornin' in once a week, always on a Tuesday, always drank beer, but not much of it.

I sometimes went over on breaks and talked with him for a few minutes. He was quiet, didn't say a lot, but real pleasant, always asked politely if I'd mind playin' "Autumn Leaves."



After a while, we got to know each other a little. I used to like to go down to the harbor and watch the water and ships; turns out, so did he. So we'd sit on a bench for whole afternoons and talk. Just a couple of old guys winding it down, starting to feel a little out of place, a little obsolete.



Used to bring his dog along. Nice dog. Called him Highway.

He understood magic. Jazz musicians understand it, too. That's probably why we got along. You're playing some tune you've played a thousand times before, and suddenly there's a whole new set of ideas coming straight out of your horn. He said photography and life in general were a lot like that. Then he added, "So is making love to a woman you love."

He was workin' on somethin' where he was tryin' to convert music into visual images. He said to me, "John, you know that riff you almost always play in 'Sophisticated Lady'? Well, I think I got that on film the other morning. The light came across the water just right and a blue heron kind of looped through my viewfinder all at the same time. I could actually see your riff while I was hearing it and hit the shutter."

He spent all his time on this music-into-images thing. Was obsessed by it. Don't know how he made a living.

He never said much about his own life. I knew he'd traveled a lot doing photography, but not much more until one day I asked him about the little silver thing he had on a chain around his neck. Up close, I could see the name Francesca on it. So I asked him, "Anything special about that?"



He didn't say anything for a while, just stared out at the water. Then he said, "How much time do you have?" Well, it was a Monday, my night off, so I told him I had as much as it took.



He started talkin'. It was like a faucet got turned on. Talked all afternoon and most of the night. I had the feelin' he'd kept this all inside of him for a long time.

Never mentioned the woman's last name, never said where it all took place. This Robert Kincaid was a poet when he talked about her. She must've really been something, one incredible lady.

And, man, he cried while he talked. He cried big tears, the kind it takes an old man to cry, the kind it takes a saxophone to play. Afterward, I understood why he always requested "Autumn Leaves." And, man, I started to love this guy. Anyone who can feel that way about a woman is worth lovin' himself.

So I got to thinkin' about it, about the power of this thing he and the woman had. About what he called the "old ways." And I said to myself, "I've got to play that passion, that love affair, make those old ways come out of my horn." There was somethin' so damn lyrical about it.

So I wrote this tune - took me three months. I wanted to keep it simple, elegant. Complex things are easy to do. Simplicity's the real challenge. I worked on it every day until I began to get it right. Finally, one night I played it.

He was out there in the audience; Tuesday night, as usual. Anyway, it's a slow night, maybe twenty people in the place, nobody payin' much attention to the group.

He's sittin' there, quietly, listenin' hard like he always did, and I say over the microphone, "I'm gonna play a tune I wrote for a friend of mine. It's called 'Francesca.'"



I watched him when I said k. He's starin' at his bottle of beer, but when I said "Francesca," he slowly looked up at me, brushed back his long gray hair with both hands, lit a Camel, and those blue eyes came right at me.



I made that horn sound like it never had before; I made it cry for all the miles and years that separated them. There was a little melodic figure that sort of pronounced her name - "Fran... ces... ca."

When I finished, he stood real straight by his table, smiled and nodded, paid his bill, and left. After that, I always played it when he came by. He framed a photograph of an old covered bridge and gave it to me for writin' the song. It's hangin' right over there. Never told me where he took it, but it says "Roseman Bridge" right below his signature.

One Tuesday night, seven, maybe eight years ago, he doesn't show. He's not there the next week, either. I think maybe he's sick or somethin'. I start to worry, go down to the harbor, ask around. Nobody knows nothin' about him. Finally, I take a boat over to the island where he lived. It was an old cabin - shack, really - down by the water.

While I'm walkin' around, a neighbor comes over and asks what I'm doin'. So I tell him. Neighbor says he died about ten days ago. Man, I hurt when I heard that. Still do. I liked that guy a lot. There was somethin' about that cat, somethin'. I had the feelin' there were things he knew that the rest of us don't.

I asked this neighbor about the dog. He doesn't know. Said he didn't know Kincaid, either. So I call the pound, and sure enough they've got old Highway down there. I go down and get him out and gave him to my nephew. The last I saw of him, he and the kid were having a love affair. I felt good about that.



Anyway, that's about it. Not long after I found out what happened to Kincaid, my left arm started going numb when I play for more than twenty minutes. So I don't work anymore.



But, man, I'm haunted by that story he told me about him and the woman. So, every Tuesday night I get out my horn, and I play that tune I wrote for him. I play it here, all by myself.

And for some reason I always look at that picture he gave me while I play it. Somethin' about it, don't know what it is, but I can't take my eyes off that picture when I play the tune.

I just stand here, about twilight, makin' my old horn weep, and I play that tune for a man named Robert Kincaid and a woman he called Francesca.



CHAPTER ONE



Early History of America





The Voyage of the Mayflower



On 6th September, 1620, a group of 102 pilgrims sailed from England to America, "the New World", on the ship the Mayflower. The pilgrims left England because they wanted religious and political freedom. The long, difficult journey across the Atlantic Ocean continued for 65 days. There were storms on the way and water entered the ship, but the pilgrims decided to continue on to the New World.

Early on 9th November, 1620, the pilgrims saw land in the distance. They were very excited because their journey was near the end. The ship finally reached land and some pilgrims left to explore the area. They saw a good place and decided to build a village there. Each family built a small house and they had land to grow vegetables and keep their animals. Later, they called the village Plymouth.

The first winter was very cold and 45 people died from the extreme temperatures and from hunger. But the pilgrims didn't lose hope.

After a few months, in March 1621, the pilgrims met a Native American for the first time and he introduced them to his tribe. The Native Americans taught the pilgrims how to grow corn, beans and pumpkins. After this, life became better for the pilgrims.

Other people wanted to try life in the New World and many immigrants moved there. By the 1750s, the British had 13 colonies on the east coast of North America and about two and a half million colonists lived there. But France and Spain also owned big areas of land in North America and wanted to influence the New World, too.

From 1754 to 1763, the British army and the colonists fought the French over land in North America. The British won the war and got some of the French land. But then, the British government asked for taxes from the colonists to pay for the war. The colonists thought this was ridiculous because they didn't have a representative in the British government and they refused to pay the taxes. The 13 colonies decided to join together to fight the British.

On 4th July, 1776, the colonies declared independence from Great Britain. Their leaders published the Declaration of Independence on this date. Then, the fighting started. The colonists, led by George Washington, fought many long, difficult battles. In the end, they defeated the British and signed the Treaty of Paris in 1783. They called their new nation the United States of America (USA).





CHAPTER TWO



Expansion and the Civil War



The French still owned some land to the west of the colonies. In 1803, the French Emperor Napoleon offered to sell the land to the United States for $15 million. The president, Thomas Jefferson, accepted the offer and signed the Louisiana Purchase Agreement. This doubled the size of the country and people started to move west, By 1848, the country extended from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean.

As the New World expanded, the Native American population began to suffer. Their land and traditions were in danger. In the 1830s, the US Government created the first Indian territory in the area now called Oklahoma. They forced more than 15,000 Cherokee people to leave their homes in Georgia and walk 1,600 kilometres to their new territory. Around 4,000 Cherokee people died on the way and they called this journey the "Trail of Tears".





CHAPTER THREE



The Capital of the USA





The City



Today, Washington, D.C. is the capital of the USA, but before this, the capital was Philadelphia, the home of the Declaration of Independence. Philadelphia wasn't a good location for the government because it wasn't in the centre of the country. So in 1791, George Washington, the first president, marked a 260-square-kilometre area near the Potomac River and asked architects to design a city there. Later, this area became "Washington". The government moved there in 1800, and then people started to live there.



The White House



Architect James Hoban started to construct the White House in 1792 and finished it in 1800. John Adams was the first president to live there. Many presidents made changes to the White House. In 1902, President Theodore (Teddy) Roosevelt added the West Wing as a working area because his big family needed the original office space as a living area.

There are 132 rooms and 35 bathrooms in the White House. It is 21 metres high and 51 metres wide. One of the most famous rooms is the Oval Office. This is the president's official office. The Red Room and the East Room are special staterooms on the first floor. The president entertains important people there. But it's not all work and no play. The president's family have got a bowling alley, a tennis court, a swimming pool, a cinema and a jogging track. The White House is an official residence, but also a very comfortable home for the president and his family.





CHAPTER FOUR



Symbols of the USA





The Statue of Liberty



France gave the Statue of Liberty to the United States in 1886 to show the friendship between the two countries. Building the statue was a combined effort between the two countries. France paid for the statue and the United States paid for the pedestal.

In 1876, a French sculptor called Frederic Auguste Bartholdi designed the statue in France, to commemorate the centennial of the American Declaration of Independence.

Soon, it was ready and they divided the statue into 350 individual pieces and put them into 214 boxes. The pieces arrived in New York, and then workers built the statue on the pedestal.

In the 1800s and 1900s, most immigrants arrived in the USA on ships. The Statue of Liberty was the first thing these immigrants saw as their ships sailed into New York Harbour. It meant the start of a new life for them.

The Statue is 93.1 metres high and there are 354 steps from the pedestal to the head of the statue. Her first finger is 2.44 metres long. The outside of the statue has got copper on it. The green colour is from the copper naturally changing colour in the air. There is a thin cover of gold on the torch to make it look like a flame. People can climb up to the head and look out at the view.

Today, this magnificent statue still symbolises freedom and democracy.



The American Flag



In 1777, government officials passed the Flag Act. They decided to have a flag with 13 stars and 13 stripes to represent all 13 colonies of the United States of America. But more states joined the Union, so they changed the flag many times. At first, they added a star and stripe for each state. But soon, the flag was full of stripes. In 1818, they decided to have a flag with 13 stripes to represent the 13 original colonies, and a star to represent each state in the Union.

Today, the flag has got 13 stripes and 50 stars - for all 50 states of the USA.



The American Eagle - Emblem of Freedom



In 1782, Congress selected the bald eagle as the official emblem of the United States, because it symbolised beauty, strength and long life.

The eagle appears on the official seal of the USA with an olive branch with 13 leaves in one talon and 13 arrows in the other. The eagle faces the olive branch to show that the USA prefers peace, but is always ready to fight.

Some people believe Congress chose the eagle because of a story from the War of Independence. During a battle, the noise woke some eagles and they flew over the fighting men, screeching loudly. The soldiers shouted, "The eagles are calling for freedom!"

So this bird became a symbol of freedom and power for the new country.





CHAPTER FIVE



Famous Places





The Grand Canyon



The Grand Canyon, one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World, is in the state of Arizona in the southwest of the USA. It is one of the biggest canyons in the world, at 446 km long and 29 km wide. Nearly five million people visit this amazing place every year. Over thousands of years, the Colorado River cut 1.5 kilometres into the rock. This showed millions of years of the Earth's geological history and created beautiful shapes and colours. President Theodore Roosevelt advised Americans, "You can't improve on it. But what you can do is keep it for your children and your children's children... as the one great sight every American must see."

The Grand Canyon became a national park in 1919.



Niagara Falls



Niagara Falls, on the frontier between the USA and Canada, is actually three different waterfalls: American Falls, Bridal Veil Falls and Canadian Horseshoe Falls. Together, they are the second biggest waterfalls in the world. More than 2,838,000 litres of water fall over Niagara Falls every second! One fifth of the world's fresh water eventually flows through the area. More than 13 million people come to see Niagara Falls every year.

In 1960, a seven-year-old boy called Roger Woodward was in a boat in the upper Niagara River. Suddenly, the boat turned over and threw him into the water. The water carried Roger, wearing just a life jacket and swimsuit, in the direction of the falls. The child went over the falls and miraculously survived the experience! He was the only person to survive going over the falls with only a life jacket.



Redwood Forests



Redwood forests near the west coast of the USA, have got some of the biggest redwood and sequoia trees in the world. Many of the trees are more than 2,000 years old.

Redwoods and sequoias are important to the environment because they absorb huge amounts of carbon dioxide.

Redwood trees are the tallest trees in the world. In 50 years, they can grow more than 30 metres. The tallest redwood tree is 115.5 metres high - that's taller than London's Big Ben!

The world's biggest tree, by volume, is the General Sherman sequoia tree in the Sequoia National Park, California. It is one of the main attractions there.

People also enjoy driving their cars through the giant trees growing over the roads in the park.



Death Valley



Death Valley is part of the Mojave Desert in California. It is the hottest place in the USA, and the lowest, driest place in North America. Badwater Basin is the lowest place in Death Valley at 86 metres below sea level. Furnace Creek is the hottest area, with a recorded temperature of 56.7 degrees C in 1913.

The rocks are intense reds, blues and greens because of different minerals. One rocky area is called the Artist's Palette. It is one of the most beautiful places in Death Valley.





CHAPTER SIX



American Holidays and Traditions





Thanksgiving



The first Thanksgiving was in 1621. The pilgrims invited the Native Americans to a big meal to celebrate their first successful harvest. They ate duck and deer meat, corn and squash. However, the feast didn't become a tradition until much later.

From 1846 to 1863, magazine writer Sarah Hale wrote letters to five presidents asking them to make Thanksgiving a national holiday. Finally, President Lincoln made it a national holiday in 1863.

Today, most Americans want to spend Thanksgiving with their families. They celebrate with a special meal. They usually have turkey, yams, mashed potatoes, pumpkin pie and cranberry sauce.

Many families watch the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York on TV. The parade includes giant balloons of famous television and cartoon characters. The parade usually includes Father Christmas - a sign that Christmas is coming.



Independence Day



"The 4th of July" is the birthday of the United States of America because the leaders of the new nation published the Declaration of Independence on this date, in 1776.

Many people hang the American flag outside their homes on this day. It is a national holiday, so most people don't work and there are events all over the country. People celebrate with picnics and barbecues.

Traditionally, they have hamburgers, hot dogs, corn, watermelon and ice cream. As it gets dark, there are concerts and firework displays to end this special day.





CHAPTER SEVEN



Famous Americans





The Wright Brothers: Wilbur (1867-1912), Orville (1871-1948)



In 1878, Milton Wright gave his sons, Wilbur, 11, and Orville, 7, a toy helicopter. The boys loved it and this inspired them to construct and fly their own models. Their fascination with flight continued all their lives. In their free time, they began to test different designs of aeroplanes.

On 17th December, 1903, the adult Wright brothers took a plane to Kitty Hawk, an empty beach in North Carolina, Orville piloted the plane and it rose into the air, stayed there for 12 seconds and flew 36.5 metres. Success! They made three more flights that day. On the last flight, Wilbur piloted the plane for 59 seconds, over a distance of 60 metres. That day, the Age of Flight began.



John F. Kennedy (JFK) (1917-1963)



John Fitzgerald Kennedy was one of the youngest men to become President of the United States. He brought new hope to Americans and promised to give them employment and improve their living conditions.

On 22nd November, 1963, Kennedy and his wife, Jacqueline, went to Dallas, Texas. Many people were on the streets to see the President's car pass. Suddenly, somebody fired at Kennedy and he fell forward. The car hurried the injured president to hospital. Sadly, President Kennedy died a short time later. The entire nation was shocked. The people couldn't believe the young president was dead.

Millions of people around the world watched Jacqueline Kennedy and her two young children, Caroline and John F. Kennedy, Jr, lead the funeral of this popular man. It was a very sad day for everybody.



Martin Luther King - A Man with a Dream



Martin Luther King (1929-1968) was one of the most important civil rights leaders in the United States. He was a pastor in Montgomery, Alabama. At that time, there was discrimination against black people.

There were many demonstrations in the early 1960s to end this discrimination and to give equal rights to all people. King became famous for non-violent protest.

On 28th August, 1963, Martin Luther King gave a famous speech on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C.

"I have a dream," he said, "... that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the colour of their skin, but by the content of their character."

The next year, he became the youngest person to receive the Nobel Peace Prize. He was only 35.

In 1968, a criminal, James Earl Ray, assassinated Martin Luther King in Memphis, Tennessee. After that, the third Monday of January became Martin Luther King Day, so people can remember this heroic, peaceful man.





CHAPTER EIGHT



Famous American Writers





Mark Twain (1835-1910)



One of America's best writers, Mark Twain, was born Samuel Langhorne Clemens in Florida, Missouri. His family moved to Hannibal, Missouri in 1839 and he grew up swimming, fishing and playing near the Mississippi River. As an adult, he became a steamboat pilot and met many interesting characters on the river. Later, as a writer he expressed the American spirit in his books The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Twain wrote with humour and his books are still popular today.



Harper Lee (1926-)



Nelle Harper Lee was born in Monroeville, Alabama, on 28th April, 1926. She only published one book, To Kill a Mockingbird, based on the racism in her hometown in the 1930s. Surprisingly, her book became an immediate best seller and she received a Pulitzer Prize for it in 1961. One year later, Universal Pictures made a film of it. It won three Oscars and three Golden Globes. In 1999, readers of the Library Journal voted To Kill a Mockingbird "The Best Novel of the Century". Today, there are more than 30 million copies in print and it is always high on the "best-sellers" list.



Stephen King (1947-)



Stephen King is a very popular writer of horror stories. He also writes suspense, science-fiction and fantasy novels. King was born in Portland, Maine, and began to write stories at the age of seven. He always enjoyed science-fiction and monster films. His first book, Carrie, was very successful and King stopped doing his other jobs and concentrated on writing. Many of his books are now films including Carrie, Salem's Lot, The Shining, Misery, The Shawshank Redemption, The Green Mile and The Mist.





CHAPTER NINE



Sports in the USA



Basketball, baseball and American football are popular sports in the USA.



Basketball



James Naismith, a sports teacher in Massachusetts, invented basketball in 1891. It was immediately popular because students played it inside during the long winter. Players threw a ball into a fruit basket on the wall and scored points. But then, they climbed up a ladder to get the ball! Later, they cut a hole in the bottom of the basket and the ball fell through. Nowadays, we use a ring with a net.

Today, the NBA is one of the top professional basketball leagues. Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson were basketball legends in their day. Today's stars include Kobe Bryant, LeBron James, Kevin Durant and Dwayne Wade.



Baseball



Baseball is often called the national sport of the USA. It is a bat and ball game played by two teams of nine players on an area with four bases. The teams take turns batting. The batting team tries to score 'runs' by hitting the ball and then running round all four bases to 'home'.



American Football



On 6th November, 1869, teams from Rutgers and Princeton Universities met and played a football game together, based on English rugby rules. At first, the game was very violent and some players died because of their injuries. Walter Camp, the father of American football, helped write the rules to develop the game. Today, the rules make the game safer and players wear helmets and other protective equipment.

The Super Bowl is the championship game of the National Football League. It takes place on the first Sunday in February and about 100 million people watch the game on TV every year. It's the most important sporting event of the year in the USA and companies pay a lot to promote their products during it. Popular singers and musicians also play before the game and during the break.





CHAPTER TEN



American Space Travel



In 1958, the US Government formed the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to be responsible for the American space programme. But the Americans weren't the first people to fly into space. In 1961, a Russian, Yuri Gagarin, became the first person to fly around the Earth. His flight took 108 minutes. Later that year, the first American, Alan Shepard, flew into space and in 1962, NASA sent John Glenn into space to orbit the Earth.

In 1961, President Kennedy challenged NASA to send a man to the moon and return him safely to Earth. NASA immediately started the Apollo programme and in 1969, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins started their journey to the moon in Apollo 11. On 20th July, 1969, the entire world watched as Neil Armstrong became the first man to walk on the moon, saying the famous words, "That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind."

NASA also explored other planets in the solar system. In 1976, a spacecraft called Viking I landed on Mars. Another spacecraft, Mars Pathfinder, landed there in 1996. The Pathfinder had a robot vehicle inside called a rover. This robot explored Mars and sent 16,500 pictures back to Earth with 8.5 million measurements. NASA lost contact with the Pathfinder in September, 1997.

In the 1980s, the USA started to develop a space shuttle - a reusable space vehicle. Sadly, two space shuttles, Challenger in 1986 and Columbia in 2003, exploded and all the astronauts inside them died.

Most space projects today are international because they are very expensive. For example, the International Space Station is a laboratory in orbit around the Earth. It is a combined effort between Japan, Russia, the USA, Canada and Europe. They do experiments and test equipment for flights to Mars. The Space Station is a good example of international cooperation.





CHAPTER ELEVEN



Myths and Legends





Bigfoot



According to legend, there are tall, hairy ape-like creatures living in the forests and mountains in the United States. There were always stories about these creatures, but people didn't really pay attention until 1958.

At that time, a man called Jerry Crew found an enormous footprint in California and publicised a picture of it. Crew said it was the footprint of "old Bigfoot", so after that, people used this name for the creature. Then, in 1967, two men filmed a "Bigfoot". Later, more and more people began to see Bigfoots in different places. Of course, there were many hoaxes. For example, people dressed up in ape costumes and filmed each other. Who knows if this creature really exists?



Johnny Appleseed



Imagine a man walking thousands of kilometres to plant apple trees. Johnny Appleseed did this. His real name was John Chapman and he was born in Massachusetts in 1774.

Johnny dreamed of a land with apple trees, so he walked west across the country carrying a big bag of apple seeds. He created apple orchards in Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Pennsylvania and Ohio.

Johnny lived a simple vegetarian life. He was a friendly man and loved animals. Some say he wore a sack on his body and a pot on his head. He didn't wear shoes, even in winter.

For 50 years, this extraordinary man planted trees across the country and became a living legend.



Blackbeard's Ghost



In the early 18th century, a pirate called Edward Teach, also known as "Blackbeard", terrorised ships along the east coast of America for 27 months. He stole money and jewellery from passengers and sometimes killed them. In 1718, some British soldiers tried to capture Blackbeard. There was a violent battle on a ship and the soldiers finally killed him. Then, the British leader, Lieutenant Maynard, cut off Blackbeard's head and threw his body into the sea. According to legend, the head shouted, "Come on, Edward!" and the body swam three times around the ship and then went under the water.

Many people say Blackbeard's ghost is still searching for his head.





CHAPTER TWELVE



The USA Today





Hollywood



Every year, millions of people around the world watch the Academy Awards on TV. They love watching the stars walking along the red carpet and seeing the Oscar winners. People usually think of Hollywood as the centre of the "entertainment world".

All visitors to this famous place in California want to see the Hollywood sign, Hollywood Boulevard and the stars on the pavement along the Walk of Fame. They visit the film sets of Universal Studios, Metro Goldwyn Mayer and Warner Brothers, too.



Hi-Tech



Many hi-tech innovations from the USA changed our lives forever. Bill Gates started Microsoft with Paul Allen on 4th April, 1975. Microsoft is the world's largest software maker and one of the world's most valuable companies. Bill Gates also developed Windows. This program makes our computers easier to use. Steve Jobs started Apple and gave us iPhones, iPods and iPads.

Then, Google in California changed the way we search for information and provided us with other Internet uses. Today, people use Google to store their documents and photographs and they use Google maps to find their way around.

Now, thanks to social networks like Facebook and Twitter, people can contact long-lost friends and family members.



Food



Some of the most famous food chains in the USA today are places like McDonald's, Kentucky Fried Chicken and Pizza Hut. Many Americans enjoy eating fast food. It's delicious, filling and cheap.

Unfortunately, it's not very healthy because food like hamburgers and chips have got a lot of fat and salt in them. Because Americans eat a lot of fast food, many of them are obese. This is a real problem in the USA today.

However, many fast-food restaurants are now selling healthier meals, so people can enjoy a salad or fruit instead of chips or fried chicken.





- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!







- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!










- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!








- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!






- THE END -

Hope you have enjoyed the reading!

Come back to http://english-e-reader.net/ to find more fascinating and exciting stories!






“Oh	…	nothing,”	she	replied.

The	lab	looked	like	it	was	something	out	of	a	war	movie.	She	glanced	up	to

where	 the	 security	 cameras	 were	 positioned.	 Some	 of	 them	 looked	 scarred	 and burned.	“Did	those	get	any	relevant	footage	of	the	event?”

“We’re	looking	at	the	recordings	now,	but	so	far	there’s	nothing	conclusive.”

“Nothing	conclusive!”	she	exclaimed	as	anger	brimmed	her	voice.	“How	can

we	have	perfectly	good	security	systems	and	not	know	what	we’re	dealing	with

here?”

“Our	Crime	Scene	Investigation	Team	is	on	it,”	he	replied	sternly.	“If	there’s

something	of	note,	we’ll	find	it.”

“Sorry,”	she	replied	softly.	“Do	you	mind	if	I	take	a	look	around	by	myself?”

“Sure	thing.	Just	try	not	to	disturb	anything.”

Trina	nodded.

Trichem	 labs	 was	 desperate	 to	 find	 out	 who	 had	 done	 this.	 And	 Trina	 was pretty	 sure	 she	 knew	 why	 they	 had	 done	 it	 as	 she	 approached	 the	 walk-in refrigeration	unit.

The	unit	was	recessed	into	the	concrete	wall	which	made	it	a	perfect	spot	to

escape	from	an	explosion.	It’s	massive	steel	door	that	was	singed	and	scratched

on	 the	 outside	 was	 slightly	 ajar.	 She	 opened	 it	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 way	 and	 stepped inside,	surveying	the	many	different	vials	that	lined	the	shelves.	She	stopped	half way	down	and	looked	at	the	empty	rack	that	was	conspicuously	evident	with	the

label	underneath	it	which	read:	Genesis.

She	gasped	and	shook	her	head.	She	squeezed	her	eyes	shut	and	opened	them

again,	 hoping	 she	 had	 seen	 wrong	 the	 first	 time.	 But	 she	 hadn’t.	 Genesis	 was gone.	She	knew	that	whoever	had	taken	this	chemical	compound	had	a	force	in

their	 hands	 that	 was	 more	 powerful	 than	 anything	 they	 could	 imagine.	 They probably	didn’t	even	realize	the	extent	to	which	it	could	be	used;	she	hoped	they

didn’t	realize	the	extent	to	which	it	could	be	used.

She	knew	they	had	to	get	it	back.	They	had	to	do	whatever	it	took.

She	had	but	one	recourse	even	though	it	unsettled	her:	It	was	time	to	call	in

the	Orion	Group.





2

T H E 	 WA T C H

The	day	was	overcast	with	dark	clouds	looming;	threatening	to	pour

down	 its	 wrath	 at	 any	 moment.	 Dillon	 hurried	 across	 the	 street	 and

into	the	dark	forest.	His	dog	Bruno,	a	large	playful	German	Shepherd,

followed	 close	 behind,	 sniffing	 every	 second	 tree	 as	 he	 went.	 This	 place	 held special	 significance	 for	 Dillon;	 it	 was	 where	 his	 most	 thrilling	 adventures	 took place.	 Whenever	 he	 was	 over	 here,	 Dillon	 could	 pretend	 to	 be	 anything.	 And today.	 Today,	 Dillon	 was	 a	 fearless	 adventurer,	 in	 search	 of	 the	 lost	 treasure	 of The	Ancient	Skull!

As	 Dillon	 stepped	 into	 the	 dark	 forest,	 the	 area	 around	 him	 transformed	 in his	mind’s	eye.	No	longer	was	it	filled	with	thick	pine,	fir,	and	spruce	trees,	but now	he	was	overshadowed	by	the	dark	canopy	of	the	tropical	Amazon	forest.

He	looked	around	at	his	surroundings,	taking	careful	stock	of	where	he	was;

he	knew	that	every	forward	scout	would	tell	you	that	it’s	all	too	easy	to	lose	your bearings	in	this	kind	of	thick,	desolate	forest.

The	 air	 was	 dank,	 filled	 with	 the	 moisture	 of	 a	 recent	 rain.	 As	 he	 moved carefully	through	the	trees,	following	the	small	trail	he	had	unearthed,	he	noticed the	tracks	he	had	been	looking	for! I	knew	it	was	true! he	thought	to	himself.

For	 years	 everyone	 had	 told	 him	 that	 the	 Amazon	 creatures	 known	 as	 the Giant	Hape	Crushers	were	just	a	fantasy;	a	myth	that	was	created	to	keep	people

from	exploring	this	part	of	the	forest.	But	now	Dillon	knew	it	was	not!	For	right in	front	of	him	were	the	very	tracks	that	proved	his	theory.	And	they	were	fresh!

He	 knew	 this	 could	 only	 mean	 one	 thing:	 he	 was	 close	 to	 the	 fortress	 of	 the Ancient	 Skull,	 the	 legendary	 city	 of	 monsters,	 which	 held	 such	 gold	 and	 glory for	 the	 one	 who	 could	 find	 it.	 Oh	 …	 and	 also	 danger	 and	 possible	 death.	 That was	okay	with	Dillon	though	as	he	knew	the	risks.	He	had	trained	all	his	life	for this	moment.	A	little	danger	wasn’t	going	to	stop	him	now!

Suddenly	 there	 was	 a	 massive	 sound	 of	 crashing	 trees	 and	 low	 guttural grunts	 as	 something	 huge	 barrelled	 through	 the	 trees	 toward	 him.	 He	 quickly dived	to	the	side	and	rolled	off	the	path	and	through	the	brush,	landing	firmly	on his	 feet	 in	 a	 ready	 stance.	 Sliding	 his	 long	 slender	 sabre	 from	 its	 sheath	 he readied	himself	for	the	fight.

The	creature	blew	through	the	trees	with	ferocity,	sending	leaves	everywhere

and	splintering	branches	from	their	perch	upon	the	Amazon	trunks.	It	was	huge;

much	 taller	 than	 Dillon.	 Even	 though	 it	 was	 slightly	 hunched	 Dillon	 could	 tell that	it	was	at	least	eight	feet	in	height.	It	had	the	face	of	a	man	but	the	teeth	of	a gorilla.	Its	huge	mass	was	ripped	with	muscle,	and	the	way	it	stood	and	walked

resembled	that	of	an	ape.	Its	upper	body	was	hairless	while	its	lower	body	had

thick	ape-hair	all	over	it.	He	had	to	dive	out	of	the	way	in	order	to	avoid	being crushed	under	the	massive	hulk	of	the	beast	and	the	flying	debris	it	has	caused!

He	rolled	around	and	slashed	at	the	back	of	the	creature’s	legs	but	the	beast’s

hide	was	too	thick	to	do	any	damage.	It	turned	around	and	Dillon	saw	its	terrible red	eyes	boring	into	him.	It	roared.	Spittle	sprayed	from	its	mouth	as	it	issued	its challenge.	 And	 its	 breath!	 Oh	 the	 stench!	 Despite	 the	 frightening	 nature	 of	 the creature	Dillon’s	resolve	to	make	it	to	the	fortress	of	The	Ancient	Skull	was	not deterred.	Dillon’s	resolve	to	fight	his	way	through	was	at	its	height.

It	came	in	with	its	fangs	barred,	but	Dillon	nimbly	dodged	out	of	the	way	and

delivered	another	blow,	this	time	in	the	thigh.	Clearly	it	was	irritated	as	it	roared; spit	 issuing	 from	 its	 foul	 mouth	 …	 again.	 Dillon	 laughed.	 That	 must	 have confused	the	dim-witted	creature,	for	it	looked	at	him	with	a	puzzled	expression on	its	face.	This	gave	Dillon	the	opportunity	he	needed	to	dive	gracefully	around the	 side	 of	 the	 creature,	 roll,	 and	 come	 up	 in	 a	 dead	 run	 down	 the	 path	 as	 he sheathed	 his	 sword.	 Dillon	 knew	 now	 that	 he	 couldn’t	 fight	 this	 thing	 on	 even ground.	It	was	eight	feet	tall	with	razor	sharp	fangs,	and	breath	that	rivalled	even

his	little	sister	Gwen’s	when	she	woke	up	in	the	morning!

No,	 for	 now,	 he	 was	 content	 running	 through	 the	 woods	 like	 a	 maniac, seeking	for	some	advantage	he	could	use	against	the	beast.	And	there	it	was:	the bridge	of	Kazakdoon!

The	bridge	stood	about	thirty	feet	long	and	spanned	a	gulf	that	was	at	least	a

thousand	feet	deep!

As	he	started	to	run	across	the	bridge	he	began	to	feel	the	sway	of	it	and	the

warm	 wind	 on	 his	 face.	 Dillon	 knew	 that	 he	 was	 in	 more	 trouble	 than	 he	 first realized	when,	at	the	half	way	point	of	the	bridge,	he	heard	the	roar	of	the	Giant Hape	Crusher	as	it	crashed	through	the	trees	and	onto	the	bridge.	The	sudden	jolt of	its	weight	sent	Dillon	flying	into	the	air,	but	he	somehow	managed	to	land	on his	 feet	 and	 kept	 running.	 As	 he	 glanced	 back	 he	 saw	 the	 monstrous	 creature bounding	towards	him	with	such	ferocity	that	it	drained	the	blood	from	his	face.

Dillon’s	heart	pounded.	The	beast	was	gaining	on	him	and	it	was	pretty	clear

that	he	might	not	make	it	to	the	other	side	in	time.	As	he	ran,	he	realized	that	the only	 way	 he	 might	 make	 it	 was	 to	 leap	 from	 the	 bridge	 and	 hope	 that	 he	 was close	enough	to	the	other	side	for	his	momentum	to	propel	him	far	enough	to	the

ledge	of	the	cliff.

Dillon	could	almost	feel	the	hot	breath	of	the	beast	on	his	back	which	made

him	 realize	 that	 it	 was	 now	 or	 never.	 He	 pumped	 his	 legs	 as	 fast	 as	 he	 could, drawing	 on	 all	 the	 resources	 his	 body	 could	 muster—pressing	 himself	 to	 the limit—trying	 to	 make	 up	 as	 much	 distance	 as	 he	 could	 before	 the	 jump.	 He glanced	 back	 for	 a	 moment	 and	 saw	 the	 creature	 reach	 out	 for	 him.	 He	 leaped with	all	his	might.

The	 Giant	 Hape	 Crusher	 lunged	 for	 him	 as	 he	 sprang	 into	 the	 air;	 its	 long stocky	 fingers	 brushing	 the	 back	 of	 the	 air-borne	 adventurer’s	 shirt.	 As	 Dillon flew	from	the	bridge	he	took	note	of	the	clump	of	vines	that	sprouted	from	the

edge	of	the	cliff.	He	knew	that	those	vines	were	the	best	shot	of	him	getting	out of	this	alive.	He	slammed	into	the	side	of	the	cliff	and	desperately	grasped	onto any	of	the	corded	plants	he	could.	As	he	hit	the	edge	of	the	cliff	he	smashed	his knee	 on	 the	 rocky	 face,	 but	 it	 barely	 phased	 him	 as	 he	 knew	 he	 had	 bigger problems	to	deal	with—like	not	falling	a	thousand	feet	to	his	death!

Thankfully	 the	 vines	 seemed	 to	 hold.	 He	 glanced	 back	 over	 his	 shoulder	 to see	the	Giant	Hape	Crusher	staring	at	him	in	disbelief.	It	howled	wildly,	not	sure of	how	to	proceed.	Luckily,	because	of	the	momentum	he	gathered	from	the	run,

Dillon	 landed	 only	 a	 few	 feet	 short	 from	 the	 top	 of	 the	 ledge.	 Quickly	 he scrambled	up	the	cliff	before	the	dumb	creature	realized	that	it	was	still	within striking	distance	of	the	kid	if	it	hurried	off	the	bridge.

The	 agile	 adventurer	 scrambled	 to	 the	 top,	 looked	 back,	 and	 smirked	 at	 the dumbfounded	creature	who	scratched	its	head	stupidly.

“See	 ya!”	 Dillon	 yelled	 as	 he	 took	 off	 again	 through	 the	 trees,	 a	 little	 bit slower	this	time	due	to	his	banged-up	knee.	The	wild	scream	that	the	Giant	Hape

Crusher	 issued	 told	 Dillon	 that	 the	 stupid	 creature	 just	 realized	 it	 could	 still chase	him,	and	was	probably	doing	just	that.

Dillon	 wound	 through	 the	 path	 once	 more	 with	 as	 much	 haste	 as	 he	 could muster,	 but	 the	 stubborn	 creature	 was	 still	 pursuing	 as	 he	 could	 hear	 the	 trees crashing	aside	as	the	beast	plowed	through.

I	 have	 to	 find	 a	 spot	 to	 hide, he	 thought	 to	 himself	 as	 he	 suddenly	 realized that	 there	 was	 no	 way	 of	 out	 running	 this	 thing;	 even	 without	 his	 banged	 up knee.	 Besides,	 Dillon	 also	 had	 to	 admit	 to	 himself	 that	 he	 was	 starting	 to	 get really	tired	and	needed	to	rest	soon.

Just	then,	as	he	stumbled	through	a	small	creek,	he	saw	what	looked	like	a

small	hole	in	the	side	of	a	hill	that	had	an	overhang	of	vines	coming	down	from

it.	Quickly	he	dashed	inside,	and	not	a	moment	too	soon!	For,	as	soon	as	he	had

touched	 the	 back	 wall	 to	 the	 small	 make-shift	 cave,	 the	 beast	 came	 bounding through	the	trees	and	into	the	creek.	It	continued	to	move	on,	about	to	step	into the	tree	line	beyond	where	Dillon	was	hiding,	when	it	suddenly	stopped.	It	lifted its	nose	into	the	air	and	sniffed	around	as	though	it	had	been	tracking	him	by	his scent	this	whole	time.

Dillon	froze,	not	even	daring	to	breathe.	He	had	his	hands	planted	against	the

back	of	the	hole	and,	as	he	was	trying	to	readjust	just	a	little	in	order	to	ensure that	he	was	fully	hidden,	his	hand	grasped	something	that	was	lodged	behind	a

root.	It	felt	small	and	smooth.	Dillon	didn’t	have	time	to	examine	it,	so	he	pulled it	out	and	quickly	placed	it	into	his	pocket.

The	 beast	 came	 back	 toward	 the	 creek	 with	 its	 nose	 in	 the	 air.	 It	 sniffed around,	 up	 and	 then	 down,	 and	 then	 it	 looked	 in	 the	 young	 adventurer’s direction.	 Its	 red	 eyes	 bored	 down	 toward	 the	 small	 hideout.	 Dillon	 could	 see through	small	openings	in	the	overhanging	vines	that	the	creature	probably	knew

he	was	there.	Slowly	it	stalked	over	as	it	continued	to	sniff.	It	was	made	starkly clear	at	that	moment	that	there	was	no	way	out	of	this	except	to	fight,	no	matter how	futile	that	might	be.	He	quickly	slid	his	finely	crafted	sabre	from	its	sheath as	 the	 creature	 approached.	 When	 it	 was	 about	 ten	 feet	 away	 Dillon	 stepped slowly	 and	 calmly	 from	 his	 would-be	 hideout.	 The	 two	 locked	 eyes	 and	 the creature	 hunched	 down	 and	 snarled,	 ready	 to	 charge.	 Dillon	 positioned	 himself in	the	best	defensive	stance	he	could	and	awaited	the	rush.

The	 Giant	 Hape	 Crusher	 roared	 one	 last	 time	 and	 then	 lunged!	 The	 agile warrior	 came	 up	 with	 the	 sabre	 leading	 and	 then	 …	 off	 in	 the	 distance	 Dillon heard	 a	 distinctive	 call,	 “Dillon!	 It’s	 time	 for	 dinner!”	 The	 call	 was	 faint,	 but brought	the	young	boy	back	to	reality.	The	beast	was	almost	upon	him.	It	closed

in	 and	 then	 …	 Dillon	 felt	 the	 lick	 of	 its	 floppy	 tongue	 on	 his	 face.	 It	 knocked him	down	as	it	playfully	licked	him	all	over.

“Okay	 okay!”	 Dillon	 said	 to	 his	 dog,	 Bruno.	 “You	 got	 me!	 Ah!	 The	 fierce Giant	Hape	Crusher	has	triumphed!”	Dillon	laughed	as	he	pushed	his	dog	away.

Bruno	growled	playfully	and	issued	a	bark	as	he	pushed	him	off.	“Sorry	boy,

but	it’s	time	for	dinner.	Let’s	go!”

Bruno	 bounded	 after	 the	 young	 adventurer	 as	 he	 led	 the	 way	 back	 through the	 small	 forest	 and	 onto	 Glenview	 street.	 Dillon’s	 house	 was	 literally	 right across	 the	 road	 from	 this	 most	 awesome	 “play	 zone”	 as	 he	 always	 called	 it.

Unfortunately,	there	weren’t	many	other	kids	in	the	neighbourhood	who	found	it

as	enjoyable	as	he	did.	But	that	was	okay.	Dillon	was	content	as	he	always	had

Bruno	 to	 play	 the	 other	 roles	 in	 their	 adventures.	 Sometimes	 he	 actually pretended	that	Bruno	was	a	giant	wolf	that	he	saved	in	one	way	or	other,	and	that he	 was	 bound	 to	 serve	 and	 protect	 him	 as	 they	 hunted	 for	 treasure	 and	 lost artifacts.

As	 he	 walked	 toward	 his	 house	 he	 pulled	 the	 object	 he	 had	 found	 from	 his pocket.	He	held	it	up	in	front	of	him	and	turned	it	over	in	his	hand.	It	looked	like

it	was	a	small	pocket	watch. Cool!	he	thought,	as	he	examined	it.	It	was	really tarnished	 and	 dirty,	 and	 the	 chain	 that	 was	 supposed	 to	 be	 attached	 to	 it	 was missing.	It	had	a	few	dings	on	it	and	when	he	pushed	the	button	in	order	to	open it	he	had	to	pry	it	a	bit	before	it	unlatched.	The	inside	was	plain,	the	face	of	the watch	was	faded,	and	the	hands	were	missing.

“What’s	 goin	 on	 today	 little	 man?”	 Mom	 asked,	 as	 he	 walk	 into	 the

driveway,	breaking	him	from	his	thoughts	of	curiosity	concerning	the	watch.

“Come	on	Mom!	I’m	taller	than	you	now!”	Dillon	complained	as	he	closed

up	the	watch	and	placed	it	back	in	his	pocket.

Mom	 just	 smiled	 her	 soft,	 almost	 mischievous	 smile,	 she	 always	 had	 when she	was	trying	to	get	a	rise	out	of	one	of	her	kids.

Dillon	shrugged	it	off	and	offered	a	smile	back	of	his	own.	“Nothing	much,”

he	 responded.	 “You	 know	 …	 just	 hunting	 for	 the	 lost	 fortress	 of	 The	 Ancient Skull,”	he	finished	with	an	expressive	flourish	of	his	hands.

“That’s	 nice,”	 Mom	 responded	 without	 missing	 a	 beat	 or	 thinking	 anything was	weird	about	his	statement.	“Don’t	forget	to	wash	your	hands	for	dinner.”

“Really	mom!	I’m	twelve	you	know!”

“Sorry,	honey.	You	still	have	to	wash	your	hands.”

“No	problem,”	Dillon	responded	with	a	shrug.

As	 Dillon	 headed	 to	 the	 bathroom	 to	 wash	 up	 for	 dinner	 his	 little	 sister, Gwen,	 raced	 up	 to	 him	 and	 wrapped	 her	 arms	 around	 his	 waist.	 “Hey	 Dragon Breath!	What’s	that	for?”	he	asked.

“I	 just	 missed	 hanging	 out	 with	 you	 and	 being	 part	 of	 your	 crazy adventures!”	 she	 said,	 a	 huge	 smile	 cresting	 her	 bright	 face.	 “Can	 we	 play	 one after	dinner?”

“I	don’t	know	…	I	am	pretty	busy	with	homework.”

Her	lips	quivered	as	she	gave	Dillon	a	sad	look.

He	smiled	back.	“Okay,	maybe	just	for	a	bit.”

Gwen	 gave	 him	 another	 huge	 hug	 and	 jumped	 back	 excitedly.	 “Maybe	 we

can	finish	finding	the	mysterious	treasure	of	woe?”

“Is	 that	 what	 we	 called	 it?”	 he	 asked.	 “We’ve	 gotta	 think	 up	 a	 better	 name than	that!”



Gwen’s	 smile	 seemed	 almost	 permanent	 at	 this	 point.	 “Did	 you	 find	 any treasures?”	she	asked.

“Not	much.	Just	this	old	pocket	watch	and	a	five	dollar	bill,”	he	said	as	he

pulled	the	money	from	his	pocket.

Gwen	looked	at	the	money	with	admiration.	“Not	much?	That’s	great!”

“Well,	if	you	like	it	so	much	then	how	about	you	keep	the	five	dollars.”

Gwen	almost	fell	over.	“Don’t	you	want	it?”	she	asked.

“No,	I	would	rather	have	this	old	watch.	I	imagine	it	used	to	be	the	property

of	 someone	 important	 long	 ago.	 It	 might	 even	 have	 a	 hidden	 map,	 or	 a	 clue	 to even	greater	treasure	stuck	inside	somewhere.

“Wow,”	Gwen	mouthed	as	she	stared	at	the	prize.

“Or	maybe	it’s	just	an	old	watch,”	Dillon	said,	shrugging.	“But	let’s	pretend

it	is	the	holder	of	a	map,”	he	ended	with	a	grin.

Gwen	nodded	her	head	eagerly.	“You	always	find	the	coolest	stuff,”	she	said

with	abounding	admiration.	“How	come?”

“I	 don't	 know.	 Just	 lucky	 I	 guess.”	 Dillon	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 watch	 and turned	 it	 over	 in	 his	 hand.	 He	 didn’t	 understand	 it,	 but	 he	 just	 had	 this	 feeling that	this	watch	 was	 important	somehow.	He	just	didn’t	know	why.	He	looked	up and	 smiled	 at	 Gwen	 and	 shrugged	 before	 moving	 passed	 her.	 Maybe	 his

imagination	was	getting	the	best	of	him,	he	thought,	as	he	chuckled	to	himself.

JAKE	WATCHED	 DEREK	 WALK	 BACK	 TO	 THEIR	 CAR	 AS	 HE	 ROUNDED	 THE	 CORNER.

His	leg	jiggled	a	little	with	nerves.	If	he	was	wrong	about	the	kid	…	He	took	a

deep	 breath	 and	 composed	 his	 face.	 Just	 in	 case	 this	 was	 the	 right	 kid,	 Jake purposely	 parked	 around	 the	 corner,	 out	 of	 the	 way	 of	 the	 view	 of	 Dillon’s house.	 He	 didn’t	 want	 any	 possibility	 of	 Dillon	 observing	 them	 and	 blowing their	 cover.	 It	 seemed	 silly	 on	 a	 rational	 level,	 but	 he	 knew	 he	 wasn’t	 dealing with	rationality	here	if	Dillon	was	their	boy.

“Well?”	 he	 asked	 as	 Derek	 settled	 in	 the	 passenger’s	 seat.	 “How	 did	 it	 go?

Did	he	see	you?”



“No	he	didn’t	see	me,”	Derek	responded.	“I	made	sure	of	that.	I	have	to	tell

you	though,	I	was	pretty	skeptical	about	your	assessment	of	this	kid.	But	it	went better	 than	 I	 thought	 it	 would.”	 He	 took	 his	 ball	 cap	 off	 to	 reveal	 a	 cleanly shaven	 head;	 right	 to	 the	 scalp.	 On	 the	 right	 side	 of	 his	 head	 he	 had	 Japanese Kana	 characters	 tattooed,	 but	 never	 told	 anyone	 what	 they	 meant.	 Whenever anyone	 asked	 him	 about	 it	 he	 just	 got	 quiet	 and	 either	 changed	 the	 subject	 or walked	away.

“That’s	encouraging	news,”	Jake	replied	with	a	smile.	“What	happened?”

“Well	…	when	you	told	me	that	you	thought	this	kid	had	some	sort	of	 luck	in finding	 objects	 that	 others	 would	 pass	 by,	 even	 if	 they	 were	 well	 hidden	 I thought	 you	 were	 exaggerating,”	 Derek	 said.	 “So	 I	 decided	 to	 test	 your	 little theory	and	I	hid	it	in	a	place	that	no	one	should	have	found	it.”

“Where?”	asked	Jake,	intrigued.

Derek,	 looking	 down	 at	 his	 cap,	 paused	 for	 a	 moment,	 then	 looked	 up	 and met	Jake’s	waiting	gaze.	“I	hid	the	watch	in	a	natural	alcove	that	had	some	tree roots	 growing	 down	 over	 the	 hole.	 In	 the	 alcove	 I	 buried	 it	 behind	 some	 more roots	and	moss.	That	thing	should	have	stayed	hidden	for	ever.”

Jake	smiled.	“I	think	we’ve	found	our	kid,”	he	said	as	he	reached	over	and

turned	the	key	in	the	ignition.

DILLON	LAY	 IN	 HIS	 BED	 LATER	 THAT	 NIGHT	 STARING	 UP	 AT	 THE	 STRANGE	 WATCH

he	 had	 found.	 It	 didn’t	 work	 anymore.	 He	 rubbed	 at	 it	 with	 the	 sleeve	 of	 his pyjama	shirt,	trying	to	clean	the	dirt	and	stains	off	of	it.	As	he	rubbed	he	noticed that	there	was	some	sort	of	writing	on	the	back.	He	reached	over	and	pulled	his

night	lamp	closer	so	he	could	get	a	better	look	at	it.	It	was	really	hard	to	read, but,	 after	 a	 few	 moments	 he	 managed	 to	 make	 out	 the	 letters	 JTS. JTS	 he mouthed	 silently.	 He	 opened	 the	 watch	 up	 again	 and	 turned	 it	 around	 in	 his hands	a	few	more	times,	looking	for	anything	else	he	could	see	that	was	out	of

the	 ordinary.	 The	 fact	 that	 the	 hands	 were	 missing	 was	 definitely	 strange.	 He considered	 the	 letters	 for	 a	 few	 moments	 more.	 Dillon	 was	 sure	 that,	 if	 this

watch	could	talk,	it	would	have	a	tale	to	tell	that	would	make	his	own	adventures seem	lame	in	comparison!	His	mind	drifted	to	fantastical	imaginations	of	far	off lands	and	amazing	feats	of	heroism.	He	laughed	to	himself.

Sure, he	thought. It	was	probably	just	some	old	man’s	junk	that	he	threw	out when	he	couldn’t	find	any	replacement	hands!

Still,	he	couldn’t	help	but	wonder	if	there	was	something	more.	He	couldn’t

explain	it	but	he	just	had	this	feeling	about	this	watch.

He	 suddenly	 heard	 footsteps	 coming	 down	 the	 hall	 towards	 his	 room.

Quickly,	he	put	the	watch	down,	shut	off	the	lights,	and	tucked	himself	under	the covers,	narrowly	avoiding	the	“mom	talk”	about	going	to	sleep	promptly.

As	 he	 drifted	 off	 to	 sleep	 he	 smiled	 to	 himself	 as	 his	 mind	 started	 working out	all	the	possible	origins	of	the	watch,	a	few	of	those	thoughts	even	followed him	into	his	dreams.





3

C H O C O L A T E

Dillon	and	his	friends	walked	onto	the	playground	with	confidence	and

expectation.	They	had	thirty	minutes	left	in	their	lunch	break	in	order

to	continue	their	adventures	of	the	high	seas.	As	they	climbed	onto	the

Jungle	Gym	it	transformed	in	their	minds	into	a	huge	wooden	ship	that	swayed

back	 and	 forth,	 being	 tossed	 to	 and	 fro	 by	 the	 pounding	 of	 the	 swells	 of	 the ocean.

The	boat	threatened	to	come	apart	as	it	was	hammered	by	the	roaring	waves.

The	crew	might	have	felt	better	about	their	circumstances	if	they	weren’t	being

boarded	by	pirates!	They	were	warned	that	this	part	of	the	sea	was	full	of	them, but	the	chance	to	be	the	ones	who	found	the	lost	isle	of	the	Dawn	Breaker	was

too	much	temptation	for	the	crew	of	six.	Their	Captain,	Colton	Drake,	was	sure

they	 could	 make	 it	 despite	 the	 warnings	 that	 were	 given	 to	 them	 before	 they embarked.

The	pirates	came	on	in	a	fury.	First	mate,	Chet	Williams,	narrowly	dodged	a

wicked	looking	jagged	pirate	blade	before	coming	back	with	a	strike	of	his	own.

He	scored	a	hit	on	the	pirate’s	side;	the	sea	dog	grimaced	and	fell	back	a	step.

Williams	smiled	slightly,	then	his	look	turned	to	surprise	as	the	pirate	returned	to the	battle	with	the	same	fury	as	the	storm	that	rocked	the	boat.

Williams	worked	his	blade	feverishly,	matching	blow	with	parry,	parry	with

blow;	neither	scoring	a	hit.	The	ring	of	their	blades	was	heard	above	that	of	the roar	of	the	storm.	The	pirate	pushed	Williams	back	to	the	side	of	the	ship	with



his	 ferocity.	 Their	 blades	 locked	 and	 Williams	 could	 smell	 the	 stench	 of	 the pirate’s	 breath	 as	 he	 moved	 in	 close,	 hoping	 to	 overpower	 the	 sailor.	 Williams thought	he	was	about	to	perish	when	suddenly	the	pirate’s	eyes	opened	wide	in

disbelief	and	his	press	upon	Williams	slackened	just	before	he	fell	to	the	deck.	In the	dark	night	Williams	could	see	the	face	of	his	Captain	standing	there.

“You	alright?”	Captain	Drake	asked.

Williams	 nodded.	 He	 and	 Drake	 looked	 around,	 then	 leaped	 back	 into	 the fray	 in	 order	 to	 help	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 crew.	 As	 he	 fought	 off	 the	 pirates,	 Captain Drake	 would	 take	 any	 reprieve	 he	 could	 to	 glance	 at	 his	 compass	 in	 order	 to make	sure	that	the	ship	was	still	on	course,	despite	the	battle.

“CHECK	 THIS	 OUT	 GUYS,”	 SAID	 JASON,	 A	 STALKY	 SIXTH	 GRADER,	 TO	 HIS	 FOUR

friends	 who	 were	 just	 hanging	 out	 by	 the	 school	 fence	 talking	 about	 the	 latest you-tuber	as	they	ate	lunch.

They	all	turned	and	watched	as	they	saw	Dillon	and	five	younger	grade	kids

jumping	 all	 over	 the	 Jungle	 Gym,	 pretending	 to	 dodge	 blows	 and	 battle	 some unseen	foes.	The	guys	started	chuckling.

“Man,	is	that	kid	ever	weird,”	said	one	of	Jason’s	friends.

“Ya	…	no	doubt,”	Jason	replied	as	he	started	walking	toward	the	playground.

“What	are	you	doin	man?”	asked	another	of	his	friends.

Jason	turned	to	regard	him	and	smiled.	“I’m	just	gonna	have	some	fun,”	he

responded.

There	were	other	kids	watching	the	display	from	a	distance	but	didn’t	seem

to	mind.	From	time-to-time	another	smaller	kid	or	two	would	come	up	and	start

playing	 with	 the	 crew.	 Dillon	 welcomed	 anyone	 who	 wanted	 to	 engage	 in	 the adventure.

He	 noticed	 Jason	 and	 his	 gang	 approaching	 but	 continued	 the	 adventure

anyway,	knowing	that	it	was	probably	about	to	come	to	an	end.

Sure	enough.	As	Jason	walked	up	he	pushed	one	of	the	younger	kids	out	of

the	way.	The	kid	sprawled	out	onto	the	grass	and	rolled	a	couple	of	times	before

coming	to	a	stop.	Immediately	Dillon	jumped	off	the	equipment	and	met	Jason face-to-face.

“Hey	 man!	 Why	 don’t	 you	 leave	 us	 alone,”	 he	 said,	 getting	 between	 Jason and	the	rest	of	his	“crew.”

“I	just	thought	you	might	want	some	 real	people	to	fight,”	Jason	said	with	a sneer.

“No,	we’re	okay	with	the	pirates	of	the	Glass	Sea,”	responded	Dillon.

“The	what?”	Jason	asked	incredulously.

“The	 pirates	 of	 the	 Glass	 Sea,”	 Dillon	 said	 matter-of-factly.	 “Don’t	 tell	 me you’ve	 never	 heard	 of	 them?	 They’re	 infamous	 for	 their	 murderous	 rage.	 They seek	vessels	to	attack	and	pillage,	murdering	all	in	their	way	and	hoarding	all	the treasure	they	acquire.”

“You’re	weird	man,”	stated	Jason,	a	tone	of	condescension	in	his	voice.

“I	 know.	 It	 is	 strange	 that	 we	 use	 our	 imaginations	 to	 entertain	 ourselves.

You’ve	heard	of	that?	Haven’t	you?”

“Of	course	I	have	you	nerd!”	exclaimed	Jason	indignantly.

“Then	maybe	you	would	like	to	join	us?”	offered	Dillon.

Jason	shook	his	head	slightly,	unable	to	mask	the	disgust	he	had	on	his	face.

“Man,	 I	 could	 beat	 the	 crap	 out	 of	 you	 if	 I	 wanted.	 But	 you’re	 not	 worth	 my time.	 This	 thing,	 though?”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 noticed	 the	 watch	 in	 Dillon’s	 hand.

Quickly,	 before	 Dillon	 could	 react,	 he	 snatched	 it	 from	 him.	 “What’s	 this?”	 he asked	in	a	taunting	voice.

“Hey	man,	not	cool!”	Dillon	responded.	“That’s	mine!”

“Hunt,	your	family’s	so	poor	your	parents	can’t	even	afford	a	proper	watch

for	you!,”	Jason	exclaimed	as	he	held	it	up.	Dillon	tried	to	grab	it	back,	but	Jason quickly	 pulled	 it	 away	 and	 shoved	 Dillon	 hard	 in	 the	 chest.	 Dillon	 stumbled back,	but	was	able	to	maintain	his	footing.

Jason’s	crew	was	quick	to	look	around	and	see	if	any	of	the	recess	monitors

had	 noticed	 what	 was	 going	 on.	 They	 hadn’t.	 Fortunately	 for	 Jason	 the playground	was	packed	and	the	monitors	were	all	preoccupied:	some	with	other

kids;	 some	 talking	 to	 one	 another;	 and	 one	 monitor,	 Mrs	 Jacobs,	 apparently thought	there	were	more	interesting	things	going	on	in	the	world	of	social	media

as	she	had	her	face	glued	to	her	phone.

“It	looks	worthless,”	said	Jason.	“Let’s	see	if	it	is.”

Before	Dillon	could	try	and	grab	at	it	again	Jason	threw	it	as	hard	as	he	could

behind	 the	 playground	 and	 into	 …	 Miss	 Kettle’s	 yard!	 Dillon,	 and	 all	 the	 kids who	had	witnessed	this,	were	horror	struck.

Miss	Kettle’s	yard	backed	onto	the	school	property	and	all	the	kids	avoided

her	 part	 of	 the	 fence	 like	 the	 plague.	 This	 was	 due	 to	 her	 dog,	 Chocolate.	 The name	she	gave	her	dog	didn’t	seem	to	match	the	dog	itself	except	for	maybe	its

color.	Chocolate	was	a	massive	Rottweiler-Husky	cross	with	dark	brown	fur.	His

bark	 was	 enough	 to	 scare	 the	 bravest	 of	 the	 kids	 at	 school.	 He	 didn’t	 show himself	very	often,	but	when	someone	ventured	too	close	to	the	fence	he	would,

most-times,	 let	 out	 a	 deep-throated	 bark	 that	 seemed	 to	 shake	 the	 very	 air.	 The worst	part	was	that	Miss	Kettle’s	yard	was	 full	of	trees,	plants,	and	shrubs	which made	it	perfect	for	Chocolate	to	conceal	himself	so	you	wouldn’t	know	he	was

even	there	until	it	was	too	late.

Dillon	 stood	 there	 in	 a	 daze.	 In	 an	 instant	 it	 seemed	 like	 the	 entire playground	 went	 silent.	 You	 could	 hear	 a	 pin	 drop	 at	 that	 moment.	 The	 slight breeze,	which	before	now	was	not	even	noticeable,	seemed	like	a	torrent	at	that

moment.

“You	 jerk!”	 screamed	 Sarah—another	 sixth	 grader	 with	 medium	 length

brown	hair,	and	one	of	Dillon’s	best	friends—as	she	moved	closer	to	Jason	and

Dillon.

Jason	merely	laughed.

Dillon	started	walking	toward	the	yard.

“What	 are	 you	 doing?”	 asked	 Sarah	 as	 she	 grabbed	 his	 arm.	 “You’re	 not seriously	thinking	about	going	in	there	are	you?”	she	pressed.

Dillon	pulled	his	arm	away.	“I	have	to,”	he	said	as	he	turned	to	look	her	in

the	eyes.

“Why?”

“I	 …	 I	 don’t	 know,”	 he	 responded	 hesitantly.	 “But	 I	 need	 to	 get	 that	 watch back.”

“Why	don’t	you	just	wait	until	after	school	and	go	ask	Miss	Kettle	to	get	it

back	for	you	instead	of	risking	your	life	for	a	stupid	broken	watch	you	found	in the	forest?”	Sarah	reasoned.

“I	 can’t	 wait.	 I	 can’t	 lose	 it.	 What	 if	 the	 dog	 get’s	 it	 first?”	 His	 voice	 was verging	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 desperation.	 His	 tone	 stopped	 Sarah	 in	 her	 tracks	 for	 a moment.

Jason	laughed	again	as	he	began	to	walk	away.	“You’re	as	stupid	as	you	look

Hunt!”

Sarah	 snapped	 her	 head	 around	 and	 gave	 Jason	 a	 cold	 look.	 He	 sneered	 at her,	 waved	 his	 hand	 dismissively,	 and	 continued	 walking.	 “Come	 on	 guys,”	 he said	 to	 the	 rest	 of	 his	 posse.	 They	 hesitated,	 unsure	 of	 what	 they	 should	 do.	 “I said	come	on!”	he	reiterated	forcefully.	That	was	enough	to	get	them	going.

By	the	time	Sarah	looked	back,	Dillon	was	halfway	to	the	fence.	The	other

kids	 who,	 a	 moment	 earlier	 were	 hanging	 out	 with	 him	 on	 the	 Jungle	 Gym, looked	to	one	another	for	a	second	and	then	began	to	follow.	Sarah	ran	to	catch

up	with	him.

“Dillon!”	she	whispered	emphatically	as	they	got	closer	to	the	fence.

Dillon	 quickly	 waved	 his	 hand	 in	 a	 downward	 motion	 indicating	 that	 he wanted	 her	 to	 be	 quiet.	 He	 stood	 by	 the	 fence	 for	 a	 moment	 and	 listened.

Everyone	 was	 deadly	 silent.	 The	 only	 sound	 that	 could	 be	 heard	 was	 the	 light breeze	that	moved	through	the	trees	and	brush	of	Miss	Kettle’s	yard,	ruffling	the leaves	and	branches	as	it	went.

Dillon	grabbed	the	top	of	the	chain-linked	fence.	Sarah	touched	his	shoulder.

He	 turned	 and	 met	 her	 eyes,	 noting	 the	 concern	 he	 could	 see	 in	 them.	 “It’ll	 be okay,”	he	whispered	to	her.	With	that,	he	quickly	leaped	over	the	fence	and	into the	yard.	Every	kid	watching	held	their	breath,	not	daring	to	make	a	sound.

Dillon	made	his	way	quickly	across	the	small	clearing	that	led	to	the	edge	of

the	trees	and	bushes	which	covered	Miss	Kettle’s	yard.	He	then	crouched	down

and	 slipped	 under	 the	 closest	 overhang	 of	 branches	 and	 disappeared	 under	 the overgrowth.	 As	 silent	 as	 he	 could	 he	 maneuvered	 through	 the	 yard,	 trying	 to remember	roughly	where	he	saw	the	watch	go	down.	As	he	snuck	along	he	was

careful	 to	 listen	 for	 any	 sound	 that	 Chocolate	 might	 make.	 He	 noted	 some deadfall	 under	 the	 trees	 and	 picked	 up	 a	 one	 inch	 thick	 branch	 that	 was	 about

three	feet	long,	just	in	case.	He	came	through	the	thick	brush	and	noted	a	large doghouse	in	front	of	him	and	to	the	right.	He	scanned	the	yard	to	see	if	he	could spot	 the	 dog	 anywhere.	 All	 was	 clear.	 As	 he	 was	 repositioning	 himself	 he suddenly	heard	some	movement	coming	from	within	the	doghouse.	He	froze,	not

daring	 to	 even	 breathe.	 He	 waited	 for	 what	 seemed	 an	 eternity,	 but	 nothing happened.	No	dog. He’s	probably	sleeping,	Dillon	thought. I	hope	he’s	sleeping!

As	 he	 continued	 to	 scan	 around	 he	 noted	 the	 glint	 of	 an	 object	 as	 the	 sun reflected	off	of	it.	It	was	the	watch!	Dillon’s	best	guess	was	that	the	watch	had cleared	 the	 trees	 and	 landed	 about	 ten	 feet	 from	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 brush	 into	 the yard;	five	feet	from	the	entrance	to	the	doghouse.

Man.	 Jason	 has	 a	 great	 arm! he	 thought	 to	 himself. That	 kid	 should	 really focus	 on	 using	 it	 for	 good	 not	 evil. Dillon	 shook	 his	 head	 in	 order	 to	 focus	 his attention	back	to	the	task	at	hand. Get	the	watch, he	thought	to	himself. Get	 the watch.

He	kneeled	at	the	edge	of	the	tree-line,	reached	down	and	grabbed	a	handful

of	 dead	 leaves,	 and	 sprinkled	 them	 lightly	 so	 that	 he	 could	 get	 a	 sense	 of	 the wind	direction.	The	wind	was	blowing	back	the	way	he	had	come,	which	meant

that	it	was	blowing,	more-or-less,	away	from	the	doghouse.

Dillon	 knew	 that	 he	 had	 to	 act	 sooner	 than	 later.	 Slowly	 he	 began	 to	 creep toward	the	watch,	walking	in	a	crouched	position,	watching	carefully	where	he

placed	 each	 foot	 as	 he	 moved.	 He	 was	 almost	 there	 when	 he	 noticed	 a	 slight change	in	his	environment.	He	felt	the	wind	shift	ever-so-slightly	as	the	hair	on the	back	of	his	head	moved	in	that	direction;	the	direction	of	the	doghouse.	His heart	started	to	pound,	threatening	to	burst	from	his	chest.	Then	he	heard	it.	The low	 growl	 that	 drained	 the	 blood	 from	 his	 face.	 Slowly,	 he	 looked	 up	 to	 see Chocolate	 crouched	 low	 in	 his	 doghouse	 and	 starring	 at	 him	 with	 those	 deep brown	eyes,	barring	his	shiny	white	teeth.

Dillon’s	 hand	 was	 so	 close	 to	 the	 watch.	 A	 few	 more	 inches	 and	 he	 would have	 it.	 Chocolate	 slowly	 started	 to	 emerge	 from	 the	 doghouse.	 Dillon	 grasped the	stick	tightly	in	his	hand	while	he	moved	his	other	hand	over	and	grabbed	the watch.	 Chocolate’s	 growl	 grew	 more	 intense.	 Slowly,	 Dillon	 began	 to	 stand.

“Hey	boy,”	he	said	in	a	steady	tone.	“How	are	you	today?”	Chocolate	barked.

“Easy	boy,”	said	Dillon	with	his	hand	out.	“You	want	the	stick?”	he	asked	as he	began	to	wave	it.	Chocolate	still	growled	and	issued	a	bark.	Dillon	waved	the stick	a	little	more	emphatically.	“Wanna	play?	Come	on	boy	…	come	on	…”	he

said	in	the	most	playful	voice	he	could	muster.

Dillon	started	to	back	away	slowly.	He	didn’t	think	the	dog	was	going	for	it.

He	 still	 waved	 the	 stick	 and	 tried	 to	 get	 Chocolate’s	 attention	 with	 it.	 The	 dog crouched	 lower	 and	 began	 to	 stalk	 in.	 Dillon	 now	 knew	 that	 he	 had	 but	 one option:	 run.	 Before	 he	 was	 able	 to	 turn,	 Chocolate	 leaped	 at	 him,	 his	 canine fangs	leading	the	way.	Dillon	twisted	and	turned	around	the	nearest	tree;	the	dog landed	with	a	thud,	tearing	at	the	bark	where	Dillon	was	just	a	moment	earlier.

The	 young	 boy	 pumped	 his	 legs	 as	 fast	 as	 he	 could,	 knowing	 that	 the ferocious	 dog	 was	 coming	 at	 him	 without	 mercy.	 He	 could	 hear	 the	 dog	 break around	the	tree	in	pursuit	but	he	didn’t	dare	to	even	turn	his	head	and	look.	His only	hope,	he	knew,	was	to	get	to	the	fence.

Chocolate	tore	through	the	brush	like	a	dog	possessed!	He	was	almost	on	top

of	Dillon	when	his	name	rang	through	the	air	as	a	large	stick	land	right	near	him.

Chocolate	 stopped	 to	 take	 note.	 “Over	 here	 Chocolate!”	 yelled	 Sarah	 again, standing	about	fifteen	feet	from	him.

Dillon	 glanced	 over	 to	 see	 his	 friend	 standing	 there	 and	 noted	 that	 she	 had just	 bought	 him	 some	 time.	 Sarah	 ran	 as	 soon	 as	 the	 dog	 noticed	 her.	 It	 was confused	for	a	moment	as	it	stared	between	the	two,	as	if	wondering	which	one

would	make	a	juicier	snack.	It	decided	to	keep	going	for	Dillon	as	it	again	turned toward	him	and	resumed	the	chase.

Dillon	 could	 see	 the	 fence	 and	 the	 others	 standing	 safely	 on	 the	 other	 side.

They	 began	 to	 cheer	 when	 they	 saw	 him	 and	 Sarah,	 then	 their	 cheer	 turned	 to shrieks	of	horror	as	they	saw	Chocolate	in	hot	pursuit	coming	through	the	small

clearing	that	led	to	the	fence.

Dillon	knew	he	was	going	to	be	hard-pressed	to	make	it	so	he	turned	to	meet

the	 charging	 dog	 and	 got	 his	 stick	 up	 just	 in	 time.	 Chocolate	 bit	 down	 on	 the branch	and	began	to	tear	it	back	and	forth.	It	was	all	Dillon	could	do	to	keep	the stick	in	his	hands.	He	knew	he	had	to	make	a	break	over	the	fence,	so	he	let	go

of	 the	 stick	 and	 twisted	 his	 body,	 placing	 a	 hand	 on	 the	 fence	 and	 leaped.	 The

dog	tore	at	the	stick	a	little	more	then	threw	it	to	the	ground	and	lunged	toward Dillon.	The	boy	curled	up	his	legs	as	Chocolate	snapped	his	huge	maw	at	him.

The	dog	managed	to	grab	some	of	the	fabric	on	Dillon’s	pant	leg,	but	it	wasn’t

enough	to	get	a	good	hold,	and	it	tore	free.	Dillon	cleared	the	fence	and	landed on	the	ground	with	a	thud,	feeling	some	of	the	wind	being	blown	from	his	lungs.

He	lay	there	for	a	moment,	trying	to	get	his	breath	back.	When	he	managed

to	look	up	he	saw	the	faces	of	his	friends	staring	down	at	him	with	huge	smiles, cheering,	and	offering	to	help	him	up.

Dillon	quickly	sat	up	onto	his	elbows	then	glance	over	to	Sarah	who	was	just

getting	up	from	where	she	was	kneeling	after	jumping	the	fence.	Chocolate	was

barking	as	ferociously	as	he	could	and	ramming	his	head	into	the	fence.

“That	was	awesome!”	yelled	Tyler	Jones,	a	scrawny	ten	year	old	who	always

loved	 hanging	 out	 with	 Dillon	 on	 the	 playground	 and	 being	 part	 of	 his adventures.	The	others	agreed	enthusiastically.

Dillon	nodded	and	shook	off	the	loose	grass	that	clung	to	his	clothes.	Sarah

marched	 over	 and	 punched	 him	 in	 the	 arm	 as	 hard	 as	 she	 could.	 “Ow!”	 he complained.	“What	was	that	for?”

“Oh	I	think	you	know!”	she	replied.	“You	know	…	you	know	…	you	know!”

she	yelled.	“That	was	the	stupidest	thing	you	have	ever	done!”

Dillon	was	quiet,	and	so	were	the	rest	of	the	kids.	In	fact,	the	silence	was	so

awkward	 that	 the	 others	 started	 to	 slink	 away	 muttering	 one	 excuse	 or	 another.

Sarah’s	 angry	 eyes	 bore	 into	 him.	 From	 his	 pocket	 Dillon	 produced	 the	 watch and	smiled.

“Was	 it	 worth	 it?”	 Sarah	 asked,	 her	 anger	 not	 abated	 at	 all.	 “Is	 that	 worth your	life?”	she	yelled,	pointing	an	angry	finger	at	the	watch.

“I	 think	 you’re	 exaggerating	 a	 little,”	 Dillon	 responded	 as	 he	 put	 the	 watch back	in	his	pocket.	“And	yes	…	I	can’t	explain	it,	but	this	was	worth	it.”

Sarah	 looked	 at	 him	 in	 disbelief,	 snorted,	 and	 stormed	 away.	 By	 then

Chocolate	 had	 calmed	 down	 and	 slunk	 back	 into	 the	 tree-line,	 heading	 for	 his doghouse	again.

Dillon	 was	 left	 there	 by	 himself;	 the	 soft,	 cool	 wind	 brushing	 against	 his face. Why	was	this	so	important? he	thought	to	himself.	After	a	moment	more	he

merely	shrugged	the	thought	away	and	headed	toward	the	school	as	he	knew	the lunch	break	was	about	to	end.





4

D U S T 	 V A L L E Y 	 D E S E R T 	 O A S I S 	 R E S O R T

After	a	few	days,	Dillon’s	relationship	with	Sarah	was	still	broken.	She

had	refused	to	hang	out	the	last	couple	of	days,	or	even	talk	to	him	for

that	matter.	He	had	trouble	figuring	out	why	she	was	so	angry.	He	knew

he	had	to	repair	whatever	damage	had	been	done,	but	he	didn’t	quite	know	how

to	go	about	it.

After	 school	 on	 the	 third	 day	 after	 the	 incident	 in	 Miss	 Kettle’s	 yard,	 as Dillon	walked	onto	the	school	bus,	he	noticed	that	none	of	Sarah’s	other	friends had	sat	down	with	her	yet. This	is	my	chance,	he	thought	to	himself.

As	 he	 walked	 up	 to	 her	 seat	 he	 noticed	 that	 she	 was	 quick	 to	 turn	 her	 face away	from	him	and	stare	out	the	window,	pretending	not	to	see	him.	“Is	this	seat taken?”	he	asked	innocently.

She	glanced	up	at	him	with	a	blank	expression	that	he	found	hard	to	read.	“I

really	need	to	talk	to	you,”	he	was	quick	to	add,	feeling	as	though	he	was	on	the edge	of	his	chance	at	any	reconciliation.	“Please,”	he	pleaded.

“Fine,”	she	replied	in	a	cold	tone.

Dillon	 smiled	 and	 sat	 down.	 “Listen,”	 he	 started,	 “I’m	 really	 sorry	 I	 upset you	the	other	day.	It	was	stupid	of	me	and	I—”

“It’s	okay,”	Sarah	interrupted	him,	managing	a	little	smile.	“You	just	get	me

so	angry	sometimes	with	your	crazy	ideas.”

Dillon	 was	 shocked!	 He	 didn’t	 think	 it	 would	 be	 that	 easy.	 “We’re	 okay then?”	he	asked.

“Ya.	You	know	me.	I	can’t	stay	mad	at	you	forever.”

Dillon	smiled.	“Thanks!”

“So	what’s	so	special	about	that	watch	anyway?”	Sarah	asked.

Dillon	took	it	out	of	his	backpack.	“I	don’t	know,”	he	replied.	“There’s	just

something	about	it.”	He	opened	it	up	and	showed	Sarah	the	inside	with	the	faded

face	and	the	missing	hands.

She	took	it	and	looked	it	over.	“It	just	looks	like	a	piece	of	junk,”	she	stated.

She	 looked	 at	 the	 back	 and	 noticed	 the	 letters	 JTS.	 “JTS?”	 she	 asked.	 “What’s that	mean?”

“I	don’t	know.	It	could	be	anything?”

“You	said	you	found	this	in	the	forest	beside	your	house?”

“Ya.	 In	 a	 really	 weird	 spot	 too.	 I	 can’t	 for	 the	 life	 of	 me	 think	 why	 it	 was where	it	was,”	Dillon	stated.

Sarah	 handed	 the	 watch	 back.	 “Well,	 it	 is	 kind	 of	 cool	 finding	 something that’s	that	old	and	worn.”	She	smiled.	“You’ve	always	been	into	old	stuff.”

Dillon	put	the	watch	back	in	his	pack	and	smiled	at	his	friend.	He	knew	that

she	would	come	around.

He	 glanced	 out	 the	 window	 as	 he	 zipped	 up	 the	 bag	 and	 noticed	 his	 older sister	 Claire	 with	 Jeff	 Hogan,	 a	 tall	 gangly	 fourteen	 year	 old	 with	 light	 brown shaggy	hair.	He	wore	tattered	jeans	and	a	tank	top.	Claire	smiled	and	laughed	at something	Jeff	had	said	while	putting	her	hand	on	his	shoulder.	She	leaned	over

and	gave	him	a	kiss	before	turning	and	rushing	to	the	bus.

As	she	walked	down	the	aisle	Dillon	looked	up	and	gave	her	a	quick	smirk.

“What’s	that	for	nerd?”	she	asked	disdainfully.

“Nothing.	Can’t	I	smile	at	my	sister?”

Ah	…	no,”	she	replied	as	she	moved	passed	him	to	join	some	of	her	friends

who	saved	her	a	seat	near	the	back	of	the	bus.

“Wow.	She’s	rude	isn’t	she?”	Sarah	noted.

Dillon	shrugged,	not	really	caring	too	much	about	Claire’s	attitude.	“It’s	just

how	she	is.	But	now	I	know	something	that	she	doesn’t.”

“Oh	ya.	What’s	that?”

“She	 doesn’t	 know	 that	 I	 know	 she’s	 dating	 Jeff	 Hogan,”	 he	 replied	 with	 a



smile.

Sarah	 laughed	 and	 shook	 her	 head,	 always	 amused	 at	 the	 interplay	 that happens	between	Dillon	and	his	siblings.

THAT	 NIGHT	 DINNER	 WAS	 AWESOME!	 THE	 ROAST	 CHICKEN	 WAS	 PERFECTLY	 DONE

with	 the	 skin	 at	 just	 the	 right	 crispiness	 level!	 Dillon	 loved	 roast	 chicken.	 And those	 baked	 potatoes!	 Even	 the	 salad	 was	 good	 which	 was	 always	 a	 bonus, especially	 for	 someone	 who	 didn't	 like	 eating	 vegetables	 that	 much.	 There	 was even	a	rumour	that	Mom	had	made	cheesecake!

Mom	 and	 Dad	 always	 provided	 for	 the	 family,	 but	 sometimes	 the	 food

selection	 was	 limited	 due	 to	 finances.	 Special	 meals	 were	 always	 made	 to celebrate	special	occasions	and	today’s	meal	was	definitely	special,	which	made

Dillon	wonder	what	was	up.

“So	 what’s	 the	 special	 occasion?”	 Dillon	 finally	 asked,	 as	 he	 went	 in	 for another	helping	of	that	delicious	chicken.

“Nothing	 much,”	 replied	 Dad.	 “I	 just	 thought	 I	 would	 treat	 the	 family tonight.”

“Riiiiight	…	”	replied	Jordan,	Dillon’s	older	brother,	in	a	skeptical	tone.

Dad	 smiled	 back.	 “Oh	 …	 and	 I	 just	 wanted	 everyone	 to	 know	 that	 we	 just might	be	going	on	a	family	vacation	this	year	after	all.”

Dillon’s	jaw	dropped	to	the	floor!

“How	is	that	possible?”	asked	Claire.

“Well,	it	turns	out	that	I	won	some	tickets	to	Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort

—the	 same	 place	 Aunt	 Clarissa,	 Uncle	 Gerald,	 and	 their	 kids	 went	 a	 couple years	 ago—from	 filling	 out	 an	 on-line	 survey	 for	 a	 stats-gathering	 agency.	 I don’t	 remember	 doing	 the	 survey,	 but	 it	 was	 probably	 done	 a	 while	 ago.

Everything's	been	verified	so	I	know	it’s	not	a	scam,”	Dad	explained.

“That’s	 great!	 Jordan	 exclaimed.	 “Uncle	 Gerald	 said	 that	 the	 place	 was awesome	for	hiking,	biking,	canoeing,	and	all	sorts	of	other	outdoor	activities.”

“Don’t	forget	about	the	girls,”	Gwen	said	in	a	sly	tone.

Jordan’s	face	turned	red.	“Oh,	shut	up!”	he	snapped	back.

“Jordan!	Don’t	use	that	language!”	Mom	interjected.

Jordan	 slumped	 back	 in	 his	 chair,	 clearly	 not	 happy	 about	 his	 little	 sister’s observation	while	Claire	and	Gwen	chuckled	to	themselves.

“So	 when	 are	 we	 planning	 to	 go?”	 asked	 Dillon.	 “Summer	 time	 is	 just

around	the	corner.”

“Really!”	 Claire	 stated	 in	 a	 snotty	 tone.	 “We’re	 barely	 halfway	 through spring	 and	 you	 think	 Summer	 is	 ‘right	 around	 the	 corner,’”	 she	 ended	 as	 she made	the	air-quote	sign	with	her	fingers.

“What?”	 Dillon	 shrugged	 innocently.	 “To	 me	 that	 is	 ‘right	 around	 the

corner,’”	he	air-quoted	back.	In	truth,	however,	Dillon	didn’t	know	how	he	was

going	to	handle	the	wait.	He	was	one	of	the	worst	ones	in	the	family	for	having

patience	right	before	a	big	family	trip.	He	knew	he	would	have	to	find	something to	keep	his	mind	off	of	it.

Dad	 just	 shook	 his	 head	 and	 snickered	 at	 his	 children’s	 banter.	 “Well,”	 he started,	 after	 Dillon	 and	 Claire	 had	 quieted,	 “the	 tickets	 are	 really	 specific	 in regard	 to	 the	 timing.	 Fortunately,	 my	 boss	 already	 gave	 me	 those	 days	 off	 in order	for	us	to	take	the	vacation,”	Dad	explained.

“And	that	day	is	…	?”	Claire	prodded.

“It	just	happens	to	be	July	sixth	to	the	seventeenth.”

“That’s	awesome!”	Dillon	exclaimed.	“That’s	right	after	Independence	Day!

So	we	get	to	enjoy	that	weekend	with	our	friends	and	then	we’re	off	for	a	wicked family	vacation!”

Mom	 smiled	 at	 his	 exuberant	 display	 as	 she	 scooped	 a	 little	 bit	 more	 salad onto	Gwen’s	plate.	Gwen	frowned	at	Mom.

“Sorry	 guys,	 but	 I	 need	 to	 ask	 the	 obvious	 question.	 How	 are	 we	 going	 to afford	the	spending	money?”	Claire	reasoned.

Mom	and	Dad	shared	knowing	looks	and	grinned	at	one	another.

“That’s	 the	 best	 part,”	 Dad	 said.	 “The	 resort	 is	 all-inclusive	 and	 the	 tickets come	with	a	two	thousand	dollar	voucher	that	can	be	used	for	any	activities	or

merchandise	on	the	property.”

“What!”	 Jordan	 yelled,	 not	 able	 to	 contain	 his	 excitement.	 “It	 sounds	 too



good	to	be	true.”

“Always	 the	 skeptic,”	 Mom	 said,	 as	 she	 gave	 Jordan	 that	 motherly	 look which	reproved	the	kids	from	time	to	time.

“Well	I	think	it’s	awesome!”	Gwen	responded	with	a	massive	grin.

“It	is	awesome,”	Dad	replied.	“And	much	needed	for	our	family.”

With	that,	the	Hunt	family	continued	to	chatter	away	about	the	prospects	for

fun	and	relaxation	that	this	vacation	was	going	to	bring	for	their	family.

Dillon’s	 mind	 was	 transported	 far	 away	 as	 he	 began	 to	 imagine	 the	 great adventures	he	was	about	to	have	at	the	Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort.	It	was

going	to	be	a	time	to	remember.	More	so	than	he	even	realized.

DILLON	 LOOKED	 AT	 THE	 WATCH.	 HE	 HELD	 IT	 OPEN	 IN	 HIS	 HAND.	 EVERYTHING

around	him	was	dark.	The	only	thing	he	could	see	was	the	watch.	It	had	a	single

hand	attached	to	it	which	was	spinning	clockwise.	It	spun	and	spun	and	spun—

faster	and	faster	and	faster.	He	began	to	get	mesmerized	by	the	spinning	action

when	suddenly	he	was	ripped	from	his	daze	by	a	loud	hiss.

He	 whipped	 around	 and	 lurched	 backwards	 as	 a	 large	 snake	 head	 lunged

toward	him,	fangs	bared.	He	stumbled	and	threw	his	hands	up	as	the	thing	came

in.

Dillon	 opened	 his	 eyes,	 gasping	 for	 breath!	 He	 looked	 at	 the	 ceiling	 of	 his bedroom	and	saw	the	lights	from	the	street	dancing	there	that	reflected	through

the	prism	that	hung	by	his	window.

He	sat	up,	turned	on	the	night	light	that	was	on	his	night	stand,	and	grabbed

the	 watch	 that	 sat	 there.	 He	 opened	 it	 up	 and	 noted	 that	 there	 still	 weren’t	 any hands	attached	to	it.

“That	 was	 weird,”	 Dillon	 commented	 to	 himself	 as	 he	 closed	 up	 the	 watch and	 laid	 back	 down.	 The	 dream	 seemed	 so	 real	 to	 him.	 He	 had	 real-seeming dreams	before,	but	for	some	reason	he	felt	that	this	was	different.	He	just	didn’t know	why.

He	 turned	 the	 light	 off,	 laid	 down	 again,	 and	 closed	 his	 eyes;	 hoping	 this

time	that	he	would	have	more	pleasant	dreams.





5

J O H N 	 T A Y L O R 	 S E B A S T I A N

Dillon	flew	down	the	track,	dust	being	kicked	up	by	the	bikes	in	front

of	him.	He	drifted	around	the	corner	and	noticed	that	he	was	catching

up	 with	 the	 leaders.	 This	 was	 the	 last	 bike	 race	 of	 the	 year,	 and	 he promised	himself	that	he	would	finish	in	the	top	three.	Even	though	his	parents

couldn’t	afford	the	nicer	bikes	that	most	of	the	others	used,	he	was	still	able	to keep	pace	with	them	through	his	shear	determination	and	skill.

BMX	 racing	 had	 been	 a	 big	 part	 of	 his	 life	 for	 the	 last	 four	 years,	 and	 he loved	it.	He	loved	the	adrenalin,	the	speed,	and	the	air	he	was	able	to	get	when going	over	the	jumps.

He	could	hear	his	Mom	screaming	for	him	to	go	as	he	soared	through	the	air.

He	landed	and	pumped	his	legs	furiously,	desperately	trying	to	overtake	the	biker who	was	in	third	position.	They	were	so	close	together.	Dillon	could	feel	his	legs burning	with	every	thrust	down	on	the	pedals.

He	 and	 the	 other	 biker	 raced	 around	 the	 last	 corner	 leading	 to	 the	 home stretch.	They	could	see	the	bikers	who	were	in	first	and	second	place;	they	were only	a	few	feet	ahead	of	them	and	there	were	only	two	more	jumps	and	a	short

straight	until	the	end.

They	came	over	the	first	jump	and	Dillon	managed	to	land	in	third	place	and

was	within	striking	distance	of	second,	maybe	even	first.	He	pumped	harder	and

harder.	They	went	up	the	last	jump.	Dillon	could	see	the	finish	line.	All	four	of them	were	so	close	as	they	soared	through	the	air;	they	could	almost	touch	each



other	if	they	just	reached	out.	When	he	came	down	his	landing	was	off.	He	hit

the	track	hard	and	his	front	tire	lost	its	traction	and	slid	out	from	under	him.	As the	 others	 sped	 toward	 the	 finish	 line	 Dillon	 was	 thrown	 from	 his	 bike	 and slammed	hard	onto	the	dirt	track.	The	momentum	carried	him	for	a	few	feet	as

he	rolled	and	slid	to	a	halt.	There	was	a	collective	sound	of	shock	that	came	from the	crowd	as	he	hit	the	ground.	He	could	hear	his	Mom	shriek.

He	coughed	and	wheezed	as	he	tried	to	get	some	air	back	into	his	lungs.	As

he	got	to	his	knees	he	saw	other	bikers	landing	the	jump	and	whipping	past	him.

A	few	of	them	landed	so	close	that	he	thought	they	were	going	to	crash	into	him, but	luckily	that	didn’t	happen.

After	 what	 seemed	 a	 long	 moment	 he	 climbed	 to	 his	 feet	 and	 the	 crowd erupted	into	cheers.	He	could	see	the	medical	staff	running	toward	him	but	tried to	wave	them	off.	He	knew	they	weren’t	going	to	stop	so,	before	they	could	get

to	 him,	 he	 picked	 up	 his	 bike,	 mounted	 it,	 and	 road	 to	 the	 line.	 As	 he	 crossed over	and	finished	the	race	he	didn’t	feel	so	bad	anymore	about	coming	in	dead

last.

THE	WEEK	AND	A	HALF	AFTER	THE	END	OF	SCHOOL	WAS	PRETTY	UNEVENTFUL.	HE

hung	out	with	Sarah	a	few	times	and	their	other	friend	on	the	street,	Evan.	They had	 some	 pretty	 decent	 times	 together,	 but	 what	 all	 of	 them	 were	 really interested	 in	 was	 the	 trip	 his	 family	 was	 taking	 to	 Dust	 Valley	 Desert	 Oasis Resort.

“Look	here!”	Sarah	exclaimed,	as	she	pointed	to	the	computer	screen.

Dillon,	 their	 friend	 Evan,	 and	 her	 were	 all	 hunched	 over	 the	 table	 staring intently	 at	 the	 screen.	 They	 had	 decided	 that	 it	 would	 be	 cool	 to	 do	 some research	on	Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort	since	it	wasn’t	a	really	well	known

attraction	yet.	Unfortunately,	it	was	too	expensive	for	the	family	budget	to	have ever	allowed	them	to	go;	that	is,	until	Dad	won	the	trip.

“It	looks	like	this	is	an	awesome	place	for	trail	riding,	swimming,	and	they

have	a	ton	of	other	cool	activities,”	said	Sarah,	trying	to	keep	her	voice	down	as

she	certainly	didn’t	want	to	call	down	the	wrath	of	the	librarian	upon	them.

“Ya,	that	is	cool,”	replied	Dillon.	“I	also	found,	on	the	site	that	I	was	looking at	earlier,	that	the	resort	is	in	the	middle	of	the	desert,	but	where	it	is,	is	nestled by	a	lush	lake	with	palm	trees,	lots	of	green	grass,	and	all	sorts	of	vegetation.	No one	knows	how	this	is	possible,	but	there	are	many	theories	behind	the	mystery.”

Sarah	 glanced	 at	 her	 friend	 with	 interest,	 silently	 prodding	 him	 to	 go	 on.

Evan	perked	up	as	well	as	soon	as	Dillon	mentioned	“mysteries.”

“Well,”	Dillon	started	after	clearing	his	throat.	“Some	believe	that	there	was

a	magic	spell	put	on	the	place	by	some	sort	of	creature	that	helped	a	lost	Indian tribe:	 the	 Tokala	 tribe.	 They	 say	 that	 the	 tribe	 was	 forced	 into	 the	 desert	 by	 a band	 of	 US	 soldiers	 back	 in	 the	 1800’s.	 The	 survivors	 narrowly	 escaped	 being killed	 and	 found	 this	 valley.	 They	 were	 all	 but	 about	 to	 die	 of	 thirst	 when suddenly	 they	 saw	 a	 being	 show	 up	 whose	 robes	 were	 so	 white	 that	 they appeared	to	glow.	Whatever	it	was	shook	the	earth	and	water	began	to	come	up

from	 below.	 Soon	 after,	 vegetation	 began	 to	 grow	 and	 the	 place	 revitalized.

Apparently	 many	 geologists	 have	 searched	 around	 for	 an	 entrance	 to	 an

underground	spring,	but	no	one	has	found	it	except	maybe	one.”

Dillon	 paused	 in	 his	 story	 telling	 for	 effect	 until	 Sarah	 finally	 burst	 out,

“Who!”

He	 smiled	 before	 beginning	 his	 tale	 again.	 “I	 say	 maybe	 because	 there, apparently,	was	a	famed	and	wealthy	archeologist	named	John	Taylor	Sebastian

who,	in	2016	thoroughly	explored	the	grounds.	When	he	was	about	to	give	up	it

was	reported	that	he	disappeared,	but	no	one	saw	him	leave	the	area.”

Sarah	gasped.	Evan’s	mouth	hung	open.

“That’s	way	more	interesting	than	the	site	I	found,”	she	replied.

“Ya,	 the	 news	 report	 I	 found	 said	 that	 his	 car	 and	 all	 the	 belongings	 were discovered	at	the	place	he	was	renting,”	he	continued.	“There	was	a	cryptic	note stating	 that	 he	 had	 found	 something	 significant,	 but	 there	 were	 no	 details	 as	 to where	 he	 was	 going.	 His	 field	 pack	 with	 his	 equipment	 was	 also	 missing.

Presumably,	he	took	it	with	him	to	wherever	he	was	going.”

“What	did	the	note	say	exactly?”	Sarah	asked.

“I	 don’t	 know,	 as	 there	 was	 no	 information	 about	 it	 from	 the	 sources	 I

checked	 because	 no	 one	 knows	 where	 the	 note	 went.	 Some	 even	 doubt	 if	 it actually	really	existed.”

The	 three	 of	 them	 sat	 in	 silence	 for	 a	 moment,	 trying	 to	 digest	 the	 creepy story.

Finally	Evan	asked,	“So	if	John	Taylor	Sebastian	actually	found	the	entrance

to	the	source	of	whatever	is	causing	the	Oasis	to	thrive,	then	that	means	he	most likely	died	on	his	quest?”

All	Dillon	could	do	was	nod	slightly	at	Evan’s	logic.

“Cool!”	 Evan	 exclaimed	 in	 amazement.	 Sarah	 punched	 him	 in	 the	 arm	 and scowled.

Dillon	laughed.	“I	think	the	whole	tale	about	the	tribe	fleeing	for	their	lives, and	 the	 mysterious	 supernatural	 event	 that	 saved	 them	 was	 probably	 just	 made up.	I	checked	other	sources	which	suspect	that	the	Oasis	is	only	about	five	years old	 or	 so.	 At	 least	 that’s	 when	 the	 resort	 opened.	 The	 story	 was	 probably fabricated	in	order	to	bring	more	visitors.	It’s	pretty	good	marketing	if	you	ask me.

“Then	what	about	John	Taylor	Sebastian?”	Evan	asked.	“Is	that	true?”

Dillon	 looked	 at	 them	 both,	 suddenly	 serious	 again.	 “Actually,	 that	 part	 is true.	 And	 the	 part	 about	 the	 other	 scientists	 trying	 to	 find	 the	 source	 of	 what gives	 the	 Oasis	 life	 is	 true	 too.	 There	 has	 been	 no	 record	 of	 this	 place	 existing until	 about	 five	 years	 ago	 as	 I	 said.	 This	 naturally	 piqued	 the	 curiosity	 of	 the scientific	community	who	have	had	limited	excursions,	but	nothing	significant,

as	I	said,	has	been	found.”

“What	do	you	mean	by	 limited?”	Evan	asked	as	he	was	really	getting	drawn into	the	story	now.

“Well	the	place	 is	actually	private	 property,”	Dillon	replied.	 “It’s	owned	by the	Tokala	Indian	tribe—the	same	tribe	from	the	story—who	has	allowed	access

to	 the	 premises	 to	 certain	 researchers,	 but	 they	 have	 not	 given	 complete permission	 to	 do	 what	 they	 want.	 The	 band	 also	 claims	 not	 to	 know	 how	 the Oasis	 began,	 which	 is	 why	 they	 let	 scientists	 come	 and	 investigate.	 They	 are probably	interested	in	finding	out	why	the	Oasis	is	thriving	so	well.”

“That	makes	sense,”	Sarah	interjected.	“They	do	have	a	business	to	run	after

all.	 And,	 even	 though	 they	 are	 probably	 curious,	 too	 much	 snooping	 around might	disrupt	things	for	them.”

She	 looked	 at	 Dillon	 right	 in	 the	 eyes.	 “You	 have	 to	 promise	 me	 that	 you won’t	 do	 anything	 stupid	 like	 going	 to	 look	 for	 this	 entrance,”	 Sarah	 stated sternly.

Dillon	laughed	again.	“If	most	people—scientists—spend	months	or	a	couple

of	years	trying	to	find	this	secret	source,	then	how	do	you	think	I’ll	find	it	in	two weeks?”

“I	 don’t	 know,”	 Sarah	 responded	 as	 she	 sat	 back	 trying	 to	 digest	 the	 story.

“But	you	tend	to	find	things	that	others	don’t.	It’s	actually	kind	of	creepy.”

Dillon	 smiled,	 trying	 to	 reassure	 her	 without	 actually	 saying	 anything

because,	 truth	 be	 told,	 he	 does	 end	 up	 stumbling	 upon	 things	 that	 others	 don’t.

It’s	really	not	his	fault	he	thought	to	himself.

Despite	what	the	origin	of	the	Oasis	was,	the	one	fact	remained:	no	one	has

ever	 found	 out	 when	 and	 where	 it	 came	 from.	 No	 one	 except	 maybe	 this	 John guy,	and	he’s	been	missing	for	a	while	now.





6

T H E 	 A R R O W H E A D

Dillon’s	hand	reached	toward	the	symbol	that	was	etched	into	the	cold

stone	wall.	His	fingers	quivered	slightly	as	he	rubbed	them	across	the

carving.	There	was	writing	surrounding	the	image	on	the	wall,	but	he

couldn’t	 make	 out	 the	 language.	 The	 image	 was	 a	 pentagram	 boxed	 in	 by	 a square,	and	in	the	center	of	the	pentagram	was	what	appeared	to	be	an	eye.

Dillon	felt	a	chill	as	a	blast	of	wind	came	down	the	tunnel,	causing	the	flame

on	his	torch	to	waver	a	little.	He	would	have	used	the	light	on	his	phone,	but	the battery	 died	 out	 a	 few	 minutes	 earlier,	 which	 was	 weird	 given	 the	 fact	 that	 it should	have	lasted	longer	than	that	as	he	had	a	fresh	charge.

He	felt	a	slight	tug	on	the	arm	of	his	shirt.	When	he	glanced	over	he	saw	his

sister,	Gwen,	standing	beside	him;	her	eyes	showing	that	she	was	distressed.	“I

want	to	get	out	of	here,”	she	said	to	him	in	a	soft	tone,	a	tear	trickling	down	her cheek.

“We	will	Gwen,”	Dillon	replied.	Truthfully,	however,	he	wasn’t	sure	how	he

would	 be	 able	 to	 get	 them	 out.	 But	 he	 couldn't	 let	 his	 sister	 know	 his	 doubts.

Whatever	 it	 took,	 he	 knew	 he	 would	 have	 to	 do	 what	 he	 could	 to	 keep	 them alive.

As	they	stood	there	looking	at	the	carving	on	the	wall,	trying	to	make	sense

of	 it,	 they	 both	 heard	 the	 sound	 of	 something	 coming	 from	 down	 the	 tunnel.

They	 jerked	 their	 heads	 around,	 Dillon	 waved	 the	 torch	 in	 front	 of	 him	 so	 he could	 get	 as	 much	 light	 as	 he	 could.	 From	 the	 shadows	 he	 saw	 movement

coming	 toward	 them.	 Gwen	 tightened	 her	 grip	 on	 her	 brother’s	 arm.	 Dillon reflexively	 went	 for	 a	 weapon,	 but	 quickly	 realized	 that	 the	 only	 thing	 he	 had that	would	help	was	the	torch.

Suddenly	 something	 jumped	 from	 the	 shadows.	 It	 hurled	 its	 bulbous	 body toward	 them.	 Gwen	 shrieked.	 Dillon	 pushed	 his	 sister	 aside	 and	 the	 creature sailed	between	them.	Dillon	slammed	into	the	side	of	the	tunnel	opposite	Gwen.

He	looked	to	where	the	creature	had	landed	and,	as	the	light	of	the	torch	touched the	 area,	 he	 noticed	 a	 large	 spider-like	 thing	 quickly	 spinning	 around.	 It	 was about	the	size	of	a	soccer	ball,	had	grotesque	pincers	protruding	out	of	its	maw, and	 a	 large	 hairy	 bulbous	 body.	 It	 had	 two	 massive	 lidless	 eyes	 and	 made	 a strange	 clicking	 sound	 as	 it	 moved	 its	 head	 side-to-side.	 It	 flinched	 and	 shied away	from	Dillon	as	though	its	eyes	were	incredibly	sensitive	to	the	light.

Gwen	yelped	again	as	she	saw	the	creature	in	the	full	brightness	of	the	torch.

Immediately,	 despite	 the	 torchlight,	 it	 seemed	 to	 hone	 in	 on	 her	 and	 pounced.

Dillon	 launched	 forward	 and	 swatted	 it	 out	 of	 the	 air	 with	 the	 torch.	 It	 made	 a screech	as	it	hit	the	wall	hard	and	slumped	to	the	ground.	Its	many	legs	flailed wildly	 as	 it	 tried	 to	 right	 itself.	 Gwen	 leaped	 away	 as	 Dillon	 went	 in	 and	 hit	 it again	and	again	and	again	until	it	stopped	moving.

“Wha	…	What	is	that?”	Gwen	asked,	wiping	away	tears	from	her	eyes.

“I	don’t	know,”	replied	Dillon	as	he	poked	at	it	with	his	foot.	“But	let’s	not

wait	around	to	find	out.”	With	that,	he	grabbed	Gwen	by	the	arm	and	started	off

down	the	tunnel	the	opposite	way	the	creature	had	come.	As	soon	as	they	started

off,	 they	 could	 hear	 more	 movement	 coming	 toward	 them,	 lots	 of	 movement.

And	 that	 clicking!	 Gwen	 tried	 hard	 to	 suppress	 her	 fear	 but	 couldn’t.	 “There’s more	coming!”	she	screamed.

Dillon	 pulled	 his	 sister	 down	 the	 passage	 as	 fast	 as	 he	 could.	 The	 sound	 of the	monster’s	many	legs	was	getting	louder	as	the	creatures	were	closing	in,	and the	clicking	they	made	was	terrifying.	As	Dillon	and	Gwen	ran	they	could	hear

the	 sound	 of	 running	 water	 coming	 from	 up	 ahead.	 The	 tunnel	 dipped	 and turned,	 obviously	 not	 being	 man	 made,	 but	 rather	 formed	 by	 some	 natural process	 from	 long	 ago.	 The	 sound	 of	 the	 water	 was	 getting	 louder,	 almost drowning	out	the	sound	of	the	creature’s	advance.	They	rounded	another	corner



and	 the	 tunnel	 opened	 into	 a	 large	 cavern.	 They	 found	 themselves	 on	 a	 wide ledge	that	was	about	ten	feet	long	and	ended	in	a	shear	drop	into	darkness.	The

cavern	was	dimly	lit;	its	walls	sparkling	as	though	the	two	were	looking	at	the

night	sky	except	that	the	sky	was	all	around	them.

Dillon	didn’t	have	time	to	enjoy	the	scenery,	however,	as	the	bulbous	beasts

came	charging	around	the	corner.	Dillon	and	Gwen	backed	toward	the	ledge	as

Dillon	held	his	torch	as	high	as	he	could	out	in	front	of	him	as	far	as	he	could, trying	to	illuminate	as	much	area	as	possible.	The	first	creatures	who	came	out

of	 the	 tunnel	 immediately	 flinched	 and	 slowed	 as	 the	 light	 hit	 their	 eyes.	 They still	seemed	interested	in	the	pursuit,	but	moved	cautiously	as	the	brightness	of the	torch	stung	their	eyes.

One	of	the	creatures	leaped	at	them,	but	Dillon	was	quick	to	knock	it	out	of

the	 way	 with	 the	 torch.	 Sparks	 flew	 as	 he	 made	 contact	 with	 it	 and	 it	 issued	 a horrifying	shriek	as	it	tumbled	from	the	ledge	and	into	the	dark	below.

Gwen	 wept	 as	 the	 others,	 about	 ten	 in	 number	 now,	 slowly	 approached,

pincers	snapping.	“Get	away	from	us!”	Gwen	shouted,	picking	up	a	nearby	rock

and	 tossing	 it	 at	 the	 nearest	 monster.	 She	 hit	 it	 in	 the	 eye	 and	 it	 shrieked	 as	 it backed	a	little.

“What	are	we	gonna	do	Dillon?”	asked	an	agitated	Gwen.

“There’s	only	one	thing	we	can	do	Gwen,”	replied	Dillon	in	as	even	a	tone	as

he	 could	 muster.	 He	 looked	 down	 at	 his	 sister,	 picked	 her	 up	 in	 his	 arms,	 and leaped	from	the	ledge.

“DILLON!	DILLON!”	GWEN	NUDGED	HER	BROTHER.

Dillon	moved	his	head	slightly,	his	eyes	fluttering	open.	Staring	at	him	were

the	bright	eyes	and	beaming	smile	of	his	little	sister.	He	looked	around	groggily and	realized	he	was	in	the	back	of	the	Hunt	family	van	as	they	were	travelling	to Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort.

“Wow,	that	was	a	crazy	dream,”	he	whispered	to	himself.

“It	 must	 have	 been!”	 Gwen	 exclaimed.	 “You	 were	 moving	 around	 pretty

good.	And	mumbling	stuff.”

“Oh	yeah	…	like	what?”	Dillon	asked,	a	look	of	curiosity	splayed	across	his

face.

“I	don’t	know	exactly,”	Gwen	stated.	“It	was	kinda	hard	to	make	out.	I	think

it	 had	 something	 to	 do	 with	 spiders.	 I	 thought	 you	 were	 going	 to	 wake	 up screaming	actually.”

Dillon	 looked	 at	 her	 seriously	 for	 a	 moment	 and	 then	 smiled;	 his	 usual disarming	smile.	“Well	it’s	a	good	thing	that	didn’t	happen.”

Gwen	giggled.

The	car	trip	to	Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort	was	about	eight	hours	from

home	 and,	 as	 far	 as	 car	 trips	 went,	 it	 was	 pretty	 standard	 for	 the	 Hunt	 family, except	for	Dillon’s	dream.	His	imagination	was	always	exceptionally	active,	but

when	he	went	to	bed	he	didn’t	normally	have	such	intense	dreams.	He	thought

that	 maybe	 it	 was	 all	 the	 excitement	 and	 anticipation	 waiting	 for	 the	 family vacation.

Jordan,	as	always,	had	his	face	stuck	in	a	game	of	some	sort;	whether	it	was

DS,	phone,	tablet,	or	the	like.	The	only	sounds	you	would	get	out	of	him	were

the	 sounds	 of	 victory	 (“Yeah!!!!	 I	 told	 you,	 you	 were	 going	 down!),	 or	 defeat (“Ahhhhh!	 …	 What	 the	 …	 !	 …	 Oh	 come	 on!).	 After	 Dillon	 woke	 up	 Gwen would	notice	him	marking	down	something	in	his	book	every	time	Jordan	made

one	of	his	outbursts.

“What	are	you	doing?”	she	leaned	over	and	whispered.

“It’s	a	social	 experiment,”	he	replied.	 “I’m	marking	down	 how	many	 times

he	loses	verses	how	many	times	he	wins.”

She	smiled	and	nodded.	“How’s	he	doing?”

“Not	very	good	I’m	afraid.”

Gwen	giggled	and	then	went	back	to	playing	one	of	her	games	on	her	tablet.

Claire	had	her	face	securely	planted	in	her	phone,	making	sure	she	was	able

to	keep	up	on	the	latest	drama	with	her	friends.	After	all,	she	was	fourteen	and,	it was	rumoured,	that	the	world	would	stop	spinning	if	she	missed	something	that

happened	 on	 social	 media!	 Once	 in	 a	 while	 she	 would	 grimace	 and	 complain when	 the	 van	 hit	 a	 dead	 spot	 in	 the	 cell	 service,	 and	 then	 resumed	 again	 when

the	service	came	back.

Dillon,	 however,	 continued	 to	 read	 the	 information	 he	 had	 found	 on	 Dust Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort.	As	the	van	continued	to	roll	along	down	the	highway

on	 their	 lengthy	 trip,	 Dillon	 noticed	 a	 distinctive	 change	 in	 the	 scenery	 which caught	his	attention.	 The	landscape	went	 from	lush	green	 forests	and	mountain scenes,	to	flat	arid	land.	He	started	to	notice	areas	with	large	plateaus	high	in	the sky,	 shrub	 brush,	 even	 small	 canyons.	 He	 saw	 a	 variety	 of	 different	 wildlife: antelope,	 large	 birds	 of	 prey,	 and	 even	 a	 few	 wild	 horses.	 The	 sky	 was	 vast, strikingly	 blue,	 and	 lit	 up	 with	 bright	 sunshine.	 As	 they	 drove	 further	 to	 their goal	the	ground	turned	to	a	baked	reddish-yellowish	color.

A	 couple	 of	 hours	 after	 their	 last	 rest	 break	 the	 van	 began	 to	 slow	 again	 as Dad	decided	that	it	was	prudent	to	make	another	quick	stop	for	a	restroom	break

at	 one	 of	 the	 Exxon	 stations.	 Apparently	 he	 also	 needed	 more	 coffee	 in	 his system	as	well.	Mom,	as	always,	reiterated	about	ten	times	the	need	for	all	of	the kids	to	go	to	the	restroom	as	there	may	not	be	another	stop	for	a	while.	As	per

usual,	Jordan	complained	that	he	had	to	get	off	of	his	gaming	system.

“You	know,	Jordan,”	Dad	said,	“there	is	a	pause	button	on	your	system	for	a

reason.”	Jordan	mumbled	something	incoherent	and	put	his	game	down.

As	 Dillon	 jumped	 out	 of	 the	 car	 the	 heat	 hit	 him!	 It	 felt	 like	 he	 had	 just opened	 the	 oven	 to	 check	 on	 the	 chocolate	 chip	 cookies! Man,	 he	 thought	 to himself, I	didn’t	realize	it	was	going	to	be	this	hot!

The	 restroom	 was	 one	 of	 those	 outdoor	 ones	 where	 you	 had	 to	 get	 the	 key from	the	attendant	inside	the	station.	As	per	usual	Jordan	managed	to	get	the	key before	Dillon	could	and	occupied	the	restroom	first.	As	Dillon	waited	outside	he noted	 the	 nice	 scenery	 of	 trees	 and	 brush	 that	 was	 around	 the	 gas	 station.	 The station	was	nestled	up	beside	a	hill	that	was	filled	with	the	hardy	desert	shrubs.

The	wind	blew	slightly,	but	there	was	no	way	it	was	going	to	lessen	the	heat.	In fact,	the	wind	made	it	seem	hotter!	Not	refreshing	at	all.

As	Dillon	was	waiting	for	Jordon	to	finish	he	saw	something	move	out	of	the

corner	of	his	eye.	He	turned	to	see	a	small	prairie	dog	standing	on	the	pavement just	outside	the	tree-line	looking	at	him.	Dillon	smiled.	“Here	boy,”	he	said	as	he stooped	down,	trying	not	to	appear	intimidating.	The	prairie	dog	looked	around	a



bit,	 came	 toward	 him	 a	 few	 feet	 and	 then	 darted	 back	 into	 the	 forest	 when	 the restroom	door	swung	open.

Jordan	looked	down	at	his	brother.	“What	are	you	doing?”	he	asked.

Dillon	stood.	“Nothing,”	he	replied.	“Just	trying	to	make	a	friend.”

Jordan	laughed.	“It’s	all	yours,”	he	said	motioning	to	the	restroom.	“I’ll	see

you	back	at	the	car	bro.”

Dillon	nodded.	When	he	came	out	a	couple	of	minutes	later	he	glanced	over

to	where	the	prairie	dog	was,	just	to	see	if	his	little	friend	was	there.	It	was	gone, but	 a	 small	 glint	 caught	 his	 eye.	 He	 walked	 over	 and,	 on	 the	 ground	 roughly where	the	squirrel	had	been,	was	a	small	steel	arrow	head.	It	was	plain	looking

except	that	the	middle	portion	of	it,	on	one	side,	had	three	bumps	formed	there, almost	 like	 nubs,	 and	 there	 was	 a	 tiny	 hole	 in	 the	 middle	 that	 was	 barely noticeable.	The	nub	nearest	the	point	was	positioned	almost	in	the	middle	of	the head,	the	next	one	was	in	the	middle	off	to	one	side,	and	the	one	positioned	near the	end	of	the	head	was	off	to	the	other	side.

“Come	on	Dillon,”	he	heard	his	Dad	holler.

The	call	was	enough	to	pull	him	from	his	thoughts.	He	quickly	scooped	up

the	arrow	head	and	rushed	back	to	the	van.

As	soon	as	Dillon	was	buckled	in	he	started	examining	his	find.	Aside	from

the	 other	 features	 he	 already	 noted	 when	 he	 first	 looked	 at	 the	 item,	 he	 also noticed	that	there	was	a	small	hole	drilled	through	the	middle	of	it. That’s	weird, he	thought	to	himself.

“Whatcha	 got	 there?”	 Gwen	 asked	 as	 she	 noticed	 that	 Dillon	 was	 handling something.

“Oh	nothing,”	Dillon	responded.	“Just	something	I	found	at	the	gas	station.”

He	said	it	like	it	was	no	big	deal,	but	deep	down	inside	he	had	that	same	strange feeling	 that	 he	 had	 with	 the	 watch.	 He	 felt	 this	 arrowhead	 was	 important somehow,	 but	 he	 didn’t	 know	 why.	 This	 feeling	 was	 irrational	 but	 he	 knew	 it was	somehow	right.	It	was	actually	starting	to	frighten	him.

DEREK	WATCHED	THE	YOUNG	BOY	RUN	TO	THE	VAN	AS	HE	CONTINUED	TO	FUEL	UP

his	car.	He	noted	how	Dillon	had	come	out	of	the	restroom	and	then	observed,

with	surprise,	as	something	caught	the	boys	attention. He	found	the	arrow	head	I just	placed	there! he	thought	to	himself.	He	was	amazed	at	the	power	of	Dillon’s apparent	observational	skills.	It	was	quite	impressive.	There	had	to	be	some	sort of	inherent	ability	to	observe	changes	in	his	surroundings	which	displayed	itself in	 finding	 things	 that	 others	 might	 miss,	 he	 reasoned	 to	 himself. Although,	 he thought, it	wouldn’t	be	the	first	time	he	had	seen	something	weird	that	couldn’t be	explained	by	any	science	that	they	knew	of.

He	finished	filling	up	his	tank,	grabbed	the	receipt	off	the	pump,	and	climbed

back	in	his	car.	Jake	was	sitting	in	the	passenger	seat	this	time.

“Do	you	think	it	wise	to	be	giving	these	items	to	the	boy?”	Derek	asked.

Jake	merely	shrugged.	“I’m	sure	we	could	get	them	back	some	way	or	other

if	we	had	to.	Besides,	we’re	running	out	of	options	and	we	need	someone	who

will	be	able	to	find	the	entrance	for	us.”

“It	is	pretty	desperate	to	leave	our	fortunes	in	the	hands	of	a	twelve	year	old

boy,”	Derek	reasoned.

“We	 are	 desperate!”	 Jake	 snapped	 back.	 After	 he	 calmed	 himself	 he	 said,

“It’s	 been	 a	 while	 since	 we	 have	 had	 any	 breaks	 in	 this	 case	 and,	 with	 the changes	in	Dillon’s	grandfather,	we	had	to	go	with	Dillon.”

“Why	not	his	Dad	or	any	of	his	other	siblings?”	asked	Derek.

Jake	shook	his	head.	“No,	we	observed	his	Dad	and	he	just	doesn’t	seem	to

have	the	gift.	His	brother	and	older	sister	are	a	lot	different	than	Dillon	and	don’t exhibit	any	of	the	traits	of	their	grandfather	either.”

“And	what	about	his	younger	sister?”	Derek	asked	with	intrigue.

Jake	 paused	 for	 a	 moment	 before	 he	 spoke,	 almost	 as	 if	 to	 collect	 his thoughts.	“Even	if	his	younger	sister	does	exhibit	the	same	kind	of	qualities	she’s too	young	to	help	us	out	with	this	particular	exhibition,”	he	said	at	length.

“And	a	twelve	year	old	boy	isn’t?”	Derek	asked	skeptically.

All	he	got	in	return	from	Jake	was	a	slight	smirk	as	he	turned	the	ignition	in

the	car	and	pulled	away	from	the	gas	station	as	they	continued	to	head	for	Dust

Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort.





7

T H E 	 I N F O R M A T I O N 	 C E N T E R

The	Hunt	family	van	rolled	smoothly	through	the	hills	and	valleys	of

the	desolate	desert.	Cacti	were	scattered	throughout	the	landscape,	and

vultures	could	be	seen	high	up	in	the	sky	circling	the	terrain,	waiting

to	 pounce	 upon	 any	 of	 the	 small	 creatures	 they	 could	 see	 (living	 or	 dead)	 that were	sprinkled	throughout	the	arid	land.

Jordan,	Claire,	and	Gwen	were	all	sleeping	by	this	time	as	they	were	pretty

worn	 out	 by	 the	 long	 drive	 and	 the	 monotonous	 view.	 Dillon,	 however,	 stared intently	 out	 the	 window	 imagining	 some	 grand	 adventure	 where	 he	 was	 being chased	by	creatures	that	have	been	hidden	for	years	amongst	the	many	caves	and

valleys	that	made	the	rocky	desert	interesting. This	would	be	an	awesome	spot	to explore! he	thought	to	himself.

“Hey	Dad.	I	don’t	suppose	there	are	any	rest	stops	coming	up	where	we	can

get	out	at	and	take	a	look	around?”	he	asked.

“Unfortunately	not,”	Dad	replied.	“Besides,	we	are	actually	almost	there.”

Dillon	looked	out	the	window	skeptically.	“Okay,”	he	replied	dejectedly.

“Don’t	be	like	that,”	Mom	reprimanded	gently.	“There	are	going	to	be	tons

of	places	for	you	to	explore	when	we	get	to	the	resort.	It	won’t	be	long	now	…

probably	within	the	hour,”	she	stated.

About	 twenty	 minutes	 later	 Dillon	 felt	 the	 van	 slowing.	 He	 looked	 out	 the front	window	and	noticed	that	dad	seemed	to	be	pulling	over	to	an	information

center.	He	looked	at	Dillon	in	the	rear	view	mirror	and	smirked.	“Maybe	we	can

afford	a	quick	stop.”

“Awesome!”	responded	Dillon.

“But	we’re	not	exploring,”	Dad	was	quick	to	add.	“We’re	just	here	to	see	if

there’s	more	information	on	the	place	than	what	they	already	sent	to	us.”

“Sounds	 good	 to	 me,”	 Dillon	 replied,	 sitting	 up	 all	 the	 straighter	 now	 and acting	as	though	new	energy	had	been	injected	into	him.

The	other	kids	woke	up	as	soon	as	the	van	was	pulling	into	the	parking	lot.

The	 only	 one	 who	 didn’t	 seem	 interested	 in	 checking	 out	 the	 info	 center	 was Claire.	 She	 just	 seemed	 more	 interested	 in	 staying	 with	 the	 van	 and	 “chilling”

but	Dad	made	her	get	out	anyway	and	go	inside	with	them.	There	was	no	way	he

was	going	to	leave	the	van	on	in	order	to	keep	the	AC	running,	and	he	couldn’t

leave	her	in	a	vehicle	by	herself	in	this	desert	heat.

Dillon	and	Gwen	were	the	first	to	burst	through	the	doors.	As	they	did	they

were	immediately	struck	 with	the	sound	 of	multiple	chimes	 at	different	pitches going	off	in	a	musical	pattern	that	sounded	almost	harp-like.	They	both	stopped

and	 looked	 for	 the	 source.	 There,	 at	 the	 top	 of	 the	 door	 were	 hand-crafted wooden	 pipes	 which	 were	 strung	 together	 with	 thin	 pieces	 of	 cord	 weaved through	 each	 pipe	 at	 different	 intervals.	 Hanging	 from	 the	 pipes	 were	 small hammers	that	moved	and	struck	the	strings	as	the	door	swung	the	chime	freely

when	 it	 was	 opened.	 The	 pipes	 also	 had	 holes	 of	 different	 sizes	 in	 them	 which whistled	as	they	moved	and	air	passed	through	them.

“Cool!”	Dillon	and	Gwen	both	exclaimed	at	the	same	time.

The	 main	 room	 was	 circular	 with	 lots	 of	 different	 kinds	 of	 stuffed	 critters that	 were	 native	 to	 the	 area	 mounted	 on	 the	 walls	 and	 some	 standing	 on pedestals.	Gwen	was	in	awe.	She	looked	around	the	large	room	and	tried	to	take

it	 all	 in.	 As	 she	 turned	 her	 head	 she	 jumped	 back	 and	 yelped	 as	 her	 face	 was inches	 from	 a	 grizzly	 looking	 stuffed	 coyote	 that	 was	 barring	 its	 fangs.	 Dad chuckled	 and	 put	 his	 arm	 around	 her	 when	 he	 came	 through	 the	 door.	 Dillon, Jordan,	and	Mom	were	already	checking	out	the	rest	of	the	info	center.

“It’s	 okay	 honey,”	 he	 said	 reassuringly.	 “It’s	 just	 a	 stuffed	 animal,	 like	 the ones	you	have	at	home.”

Slowly	she	reached	over	and	touched	the	thing	on	the	nose.	It	felt	warm.	She

quickly	pulled	her	hand	away	and	stared	at	it	in	the	eyes.	“It’s	eyes	look	so	 real,”

Gwen	said	as	she	further	inspected	the	creature.

“Some	say	that	you	can	feel	old	Charlie	here	bore	through	your	soul	when	he

looks	at	you,”	came	a	deep	voice	from	the	side.	Dad	and	Gwen	both	looked	over

to	see	an	older	native	man,	with	long	jet	black	hair	that	was	streaked	with	silver.

His	face	was	wrinkled	and	weathered	from	years	of	living	under	the	hot	desert

sun.	 He	 wore	 tattered	 jeans,	 a	 plain	 baby	 blue	 t-shirt,	 and	 a	 worn	 leather	 vest.

His	brown	combat	boots	made	a	distinctive	clunking	sound	as	he	strolled	across

the	wooden	floor	toward	the	Hunts.

“But	 I	 personally	 think	 those	 people	 are	 crazy,”	 he	 finished	 with	 a	 slight chuckle.	“The	name’s	Tom	Tom,”	he	said	to	dad	as	he	held	out	his	hand.

Dad	took	his	hand	and	gave	him	a	firm	shake.	“I’m	Bruce	Hunt	and	this	is

my	daughter	Gwen.”

Tom	Tom	looked	down	at	the	little	girl	and	smiled.	“My	friends	call	me	Old

Tom	 Tom,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 stooped	 down	 and	 held	 out	 his	 hand	 to	 Gwen.	 She shied	away,	being	a	little	unnerved	by	the	stranger.

“Go	on	Gwen,”	Dad	prodded.	“There’s	nothing	to	be	afraid	of.”

She	hesitantly	stuck	her	hand	out	and	shook	his	lightly.

“Now	 that’s	 better,”	 he	 said,	 standing	 up	 again.	 “What	 brings	 you	 folks here?”

“We’re	just	on	our	way	to	the	resort,”	Dad	replied.	“I	imagine	that	most	of

the	people	you	see	around	here	are	on	their	way	there.”

Tom	Tom	nodded.

“Is	there	anything	I	can	get	you	in	particular?”	he	asked.

“No,”	Dad	said.	“I	think	we’re	just	looking	around.”

“Well,	 if	 you	 need	 anything	 just	 give	 me	 a	 shout,”	 Tom	 Tom	 said	 as	 he walked	back	over	to	the	counter.

Gwen,	Mom,	and	Claire	headed	over	to	the	toys	and	activity	area,	while	dad

and	 Jordan	 wandered	 around	 the	 clothing	 area.	 Dillon	 found	 himself	 drawn	 to where	they	had	the	books.	There	were	lots	of	interesting	books	on	the	local	area.

Some	 of	 the	 books	 had	 maps	 to	 places	 of	 interest,	 and	 there	 were	 brochures advertising	many	of	the	surrounding	area	activities.

As	Dillon	scanned	the	rack	one	book	in	particular	caught	his	attention.	It	was a	book	on	the	archeologist	John	Taylor	Sebastian!

“No	way!”	exclaimed	Dillon	to	himself.	He	thumbed	through	the	pages	and

read	a	sentence	here	and	there.	Then	he	flipped	the	book	over	to	read	the	back.

There	was	a	picture	of	John	Taylor	Sebastian	himself	in	the	top	corner.	He	was	a middle-aged	 man—when	 this	 picture	 was	 taken	 at	 least—with	 light	 brown

greying	hair	with	a	medium	build.	He	wore	a	distinctive	hat	that	appeared	to	be

an	Australian	oilskin	cowboy	hat.	He	 kind	 of	 resembled	 that	 archeologist	 from those	 popular	 movies	 that	 started	 in	 the	 80’s	 that	 Mom	 and	 Dad	 always	 spoke about:	 Indiana	 Jones.	 The	 rest	 of	 his	 clothes	 appeared	 to	 be	 general	 everyday wear	for	outdoor	activities:	jeans,	t-shirt,	and	hiking	boots.

The	back	of	the	book	read:

John	Taylor	Sebastian,	an	archeologist	and	philanthropist;	a	man	with	a	dream and	the	passion	to	pursue	it!	He	was	a	real	life	modern-day	adventurer	with	his love	of	ancient	mysteries	and	exciting	lore.

His	most	remembered	project	was	his	search	for	the	source	of	the	Desert	Oasis Resort’s	underground	springs	which	many	think	brought	the	area	to	life.

This	book	is	exhilarating	and	full	of	information	as	to	his	search	and	eventual failure.

To	this	day,	no	one	knows	what	exactly	happened	to	John	Taylor	Sebastian	and many	rumors	have	been	put	forth	to	explain	his	strange	and	sudden

disappearance,	but	none	of	these	have	ever	been	verified.

“IT	 LOOKS	 LIKE	 YOU	 FOUND	 A	 GREAT	 READ,”	 A	 DEEP	 VOICE	 SAID	 FROM	 BESIDE

Dillon.

Dillon	 jumped	 and	 almost	 dropped	 the	 book.	 He	 looked	 over	 to	 see	 Tom Tom	standing	beside	him.

“Man,	 for	 a	 big	 guy,	 you’re	 pretty	 stealthy,”	 Dillon	 said	 as	 he	 collected himself.

Tom	Tom	offered	a	smile.	“You	interested	in	that	stuff	kid?”	Tom	Tom	asked.

“Well	…	sort	of,”	he	responded.	“I	mean	…	I	have	a	thing	for	exploring	new

places	and	I’ve	read	a	little	bit	about	this	guy.”	He	pointed	to	the	picture	on	the back	 of	 the	 book.	 “It’s	 weird	 though,”	 he	 continued,	 “there’s	 not	 a	 lot	 of information	 of	 him	 on-line.	 I	 mean	 …	 one	 would	 think	 that	 a	 man	 with	 his reputation	would	be	more	well-known	than	he	is.”

“Ya,	 you	 would	 think	 so	 wouldn’t	 you,”	 said	 Tom	 Tom.	 “Maybe	 someone

doesn’t	want	people	to	know	about	him?”	he	asked	with	a	quizzical	look.

Dillon	glanced	at	him	questioningly.	“What	do	you	mean?”	he	asked.

“Oh	nothing.	Just	the	crazy	ramblings	of	an	old	guy,”	he	said	with	a	chuckle.

“If	you	like	that	book,	you	should	get	this	one	too.”	He	reached	onto	another	part of	the	rack	and	grabbed	a	smaller	book	with	the	title:	“Creatures	of	the	Desert.”

Dillon	took	the	book	in	his	hands	and	looked	it	over.	It	definitely	piqued	his

curiosity.	“Why	would	you	think	that	I’d	be	interested	in	this?”	he	asked	as	he

looked	up	at	Tom	Tom.

“Oh	…	I	don’t	know,”	Tom	Tom	replied.	“It	just	looks	like	the	kind	of	thing

a	 kid	 like	 you	 would	 enjoy.	 Aren’t	 there	 always	 interesting	 creatures	 in adventures?”	With	that,	he	turned	and	headed	for	the	front	counter	once	more.

Dillon	 flipped	 through	 the	 two	 books	 for	 a	 bit	 more	 and	 then	 rummaged through	the	rest	of	the	rack;	nothing	else	interested	him.	He	had	a	strange	feeling in	 his	 gut	 that	 these	 books	 would	 be	 a	 little	 more	 than	 interesting.	 He	 couldn’t explain	why	he	felt	that	way.	It	was	the	same	kind	of	sense	he	got	when	he	found the	watch	and	arrow	head.	Finally,	Dad	called	to	him	which	jolted	him	from	his

thoughts,	and	said	that	they	were	leaving.

“Just	 a	 minute	 Dad,”	 Dillon	 called	 back.	 He	 hurried	 to	 the	 counter	 and placed	the	books	in	front	of	Tom	Tom.

“Is	that	everything?”	Tom	Tom	asked.

“I	 don’t	 know,”	 Dillon	 responded.	 “You	 seem	 to	 know	 what	 I	 might	 be

interested	in.	Any	ideas?”

Tom	 Tom	 looked	 at	 Dillon	 for	 a	 moment	 then	 smiled.	 “I	 can’t	 think	 of anything	right	now,	but	we’re	only	a	few	miles	from	the	resort	if	you	realize	that you	need	something.”

“Sounds	 good	 to	 me.”	 Dillon	 laid	 his	 money	 on	 the	 counter,	 received	 his change,	and	headed	for	the	van.	As	he	turned	to	go	he	noticed	something	out	of

the	 corner	 of	 his	 eye.	 He	 thought	 he	 saw,	 what	 looked	 like,	 the	 square surrounding	 a	 pentagram,	 with	 an	 eye	 in	 the	 center	 symbol	 that	 he	 had	 seen	 in his	 dream	 earlier	 that	 day.	 When	 he	 snapped	 his	 head	 around	 to	 look	 he	 didn’t see	 anything	 that	 looked	 like	 that.	 He	 scanned	 the	 area	 for	 a	 moment,	 but nothing.	Nothing	but	that	gut	feel	again.

“Everything	okay?”	asked	Tom	Tom	in	his	deep	voice.

“Ya	…	I	just	thought	I	saw	…	”

“Saw	what?”	Tom	Tom	pressed.

Dillon	gave	himself	a	shake. The	long	drive	must	be	messing	with	my	brain.

“Oh,	nothing,”	he	replied,	turning	away	from	Tom	Tom.

“Dillon!	Come	on!”	Dad	hollered	as	he	came	back	into	the	info	center.

“Coming!”

Dillon	looked	back	and	saw	Tom	Tom	watching	them	as	they	left.	He	had	a

strange	feeling	that	he’d	be	seeing	the	old	man	again;	he	just	didn’t	know	why.





8

T H E 	 M Y S T E R I O U S 	 S Y M B O L

As	soon	as	the	Hunts	came	over	the	hill	that	led	to	the	mouth	of	the

valley	they	could	see	green	grass	for	miles	in	all	directions.	There	were

tropical	palm	trees	speckled	throughout	the	valley,	with	beds	of	grass,

lush	bushes,	and	groves	of	umbrella	trees.	There	were	lots	of	creeks	and	ponds

of	water	throughout	the	valley,	and	at	the	far	end	of	the	valley	they	could	see	the bright	blue	water	of	the	lake	shimmering	in	the	sunlight.	Right	in	the	middle	of the	 valley	 lay	 the	 resort	 with	 its	 numerous	 buildings,	 hotels,	 swimming	 pools, and	 lounge	 areas.	 The	 resort	 backed	 right	 onto	 the	 lake	 that	 Dillon	 had	 read about.	 On	 the	 outskirts	 of	 the	 resort	 village	 were	 a	 number	 of	 residential properties,	convenience	stores,	and	gas	stations.

“The	 information	 I’ve	 read	 says	 that	 there’s	 actually	 a	 small	 residential population	 here	 which	 is	 made	 up	 of	 the	 tribe	 members	 who	 own	 the	 land,”

Dillon	said	as	they	continued	down	the	highway	toward	the	main	entrance	to	the

resort.

“Apparently	 there	 are	 laws	 in	 place	 which	 prevent	 residential	 development from	 those	 outside	 the	 tribe.	 So	 most	 of	 the	 people	 who	 are	 here	 at	 any	 given time	 are	 tourists,	 or	 outside	 people	 they’ve	 brought	 in	 to	 help	 work	 at	 Desert Oasis.

“It	says	here	in	the	pamphlet	that,	before	the	resort	was	built	five	years	ago,

there	was	an	intense	struggle	for	the	rights	of	the	land	but,	in	the	end,	the	courts ruled	 in	 favor	 of	 the	 small	 band	 of	 natives	 known	 as	 the	 Takala	 tribe,”	 Dillon

explained.	 “After	 that,	 they	 petitioned	 lawmakers	 to	 enact	 laws	 around	 the restriction	of	buying	and	selling	land	in	the	resort	area.	Because	of	these	laws	the only	full-time	residents	of	the	area	were	descendants	of	the	original	Takala	tribe.

They	were	the	ones	who	built,	own,	and	run	the	resort.”

“That’s	 really	 interesting,”	 said	 a	 sarcastic	 Jordan.	 “Lame!	 As	 if	 we	 were interested	in	that!”	he	exclaimed.

“Not	everyone	in	life	focuses	on	video	games	and	girls,”	Claire	put	in,	which

earned	 her	 a	 “death	 look”	 from	 her	 brother.	 Dillon	 looked	 at	 her	 in	 surprise.	 It wasn’t	 usually	 like	 Claire	 to	 stick	 up	 for	 him	 when	 Jordan	 was	 giving	 him	 the gears.	 She	 just	 smiled	 back	 as	 if	 to	 say	 she	 was	 only	 doing	 it	 because	 of	 the opportunity	it	gave	her	to	bug	her	older	brother.

“Well	I	find	it	interesting,”	replied	Mom,	the	eternal	encourager.

Jordan	 rolled	 his	 eyes.	 “You	 think	 everything	 we	 say	 is	 ‘interesting,’”	 he muttered.

“What	was	that,	Jordan?”	his	Dad	asked,	a	warning	look	in	his	eyes.

“Nothing,	Dad,”	Jordan	said,	slinking	lower	in	his	seat.”

The	van	rolled	up	to	the	front	gate	where	they	were	greeted	by	an	attendant

wearing	 a	 really	 flashy	 Hawaiian	 shirt,	 kakis	 shorts,	 and	 flip	 flop	 sandals.	 He was	 a	 younger	 native	 man,	 appearing	 to	 be	 in	 his	 early	 twenties,	 with	 medium length	jet	black	hair,	and	an	infectious	smile.

“Welcome!”	 he	 said	 enthusiastically.	 “I’m	 Troy.	 The	 gate	 keeper.”	 He	 said that	 last	 bit	 about	 being	 the	 gate	 keeper	 in	 a	 lower	 voice,	 trying	 to	 sound dramatic,	then	smiled.

Dad	 was	 taken	 back	 a	 little	 bit	 by	 his	 enthusiasm.	 “Well,	 Troy	 the	 gate keeper.	 I’m	 Bruce	 Hunt	 and	 we	 have	 a	 reservation.”	 Dad	 handed	 him	 the reservation	papers.

“Excellent!”	 Troy	 exclaimed.	 “You	 guy’s	 are	 going	 to	 have	 an	 awesome

time.	He	looked	further	into	the	Van	as	he	scanned	the	papers.

“Let	me	guess	…	You	are	obviously	the	lovely	Lilly	Hunt,”	he	said	looking

to	Mom	who	smiled	back.	“And	you,	my	man	must	be	Dillon.	And	beside	you

has	got	to	be	your	sister	Gwen.”	Gwen	giggled.	Looking	way	in	the	back	of	the

van	 he	 noted	 the	 last	 of	 the	 Hunt	 kids.	 “Ah	 ha!	 You	 must	 be	 Claire.”	 Claire

blushed.	 “And	 the	 eldest	 Hunt	 kid,”	 he	 said	 in	 a	 sophisticated,	 terrible	 British accent,	“Jordan.”	Jordan	nodded,	not	sure	what	to	make	of	this	weird	guy.

“Wow!	Gwen	explained.	“How	did	you	know	who	we	are?”

Troy	 smiled	 “It’s	 as	 I	 said.	 I’m	 the	 gate	 keeper, “	 he	 said	 again	 in	 his	 low voice.	“And	…	this	reservation	has	your	names	and	ages	on	it.”

Dad	laughed.	“Thanks	Troy.”

“No	problem.	Now,	if	you	just	follow	this	road	here	down	to	the	end	you	will

come	smack	dab	into	the	resort	hotel.	From	there	they	will	be	able	to	give	you

any	of	the	information	you	require.	I	hope	you	guys	have	a	fantabulous	time!”

As	the	van	pulled	away	Troy	yelled	after	them,	“See	ya	soon	Hunt	family!”

“Well,	he	was	certainly	an	enthusiastic	guy,”	Mom	noted.

“Enthusiastic?	That’s	an	understatement!”	Jordan	replied.

“I	thought	he	was	awesome!”	Gwen	put	in.

Dillon	 looked	 back	 out	 the	 window	 as	 Troy	 went	 about	 doing	 whatever	 is was	that	he	did	as	 the	gate	keeper.

He	was	a	pretty	cool	guy,	Dillon	thought	to	himself.

The	van	pulled	up	to	the	front	of	the	massive	hotel.	The	family	looked	up	in

amazement	 at	 its	 size.	 They	 also	 noted	 tons	 of	 people	 milling	 around,	 walking down	the	paths,	and	some	sharing	a	coffee	or	a	drink	at	one	of	the	nearby	tables.

As	 they	 got	 out	 they	 noted	 that	 the	 weather	 was	 just	 as	 beautiful	 as	 the surroundings.	It	seemed	cooler	in	the	valley	at	the	resort	than	it	was	in	the	desert.

That	was	probably	due	to	the	greenery	all	around	which	afforded	a	lot	of	shade

from	the	hot	sun.	There	also	seemed	to	be	quite	a	bit	of	humidity	in	the	air.	Not enough	to	soak	your	clothes;	just	enough	to	keep	everything	green	and	cool.	It

was	like	a	garden	of	Eden	in	the	middle	of	nowhere!

As	soon	as	the	van	was	stopped	and	the	Hunts	started	to	get	out,	they	were

greeted	by	two	bellman	and	a	valet.

“Good	afternoon,”	one	of	the	Bellman	said.	He	was	a	tall	gangly	man	with

short	cropped	blonde	hair	and	spoke	with	an	Australian	accent.	“Welcome	to	the

Desert	Oasis	Resort.”

“Thank	you,”	said	Mom	politely.

The	 other	 bellman	 started	 grabbing	 luggage	 from	 the	 back	 of	 the	 van	 and

loaded	 it	 up	 onto	 his	 cart.	 Dad	 handed	 his	 keys	 to	 the	 valet	 and	 in	 no	 time	 the entire	family	was	inside	the	main	lobby	of	the	resort.

The	lobby	was	massive	with	marble	floors	and	a	large	circular	fountain	in	the

middle.	The	fountain	had	a	large	eagle	stature	in	the	middle	of	it.	The	eagle	had its	wings	spread,	was	looking	up	and	seemed	as	though	it	just	broke	through	the

surface	 of	 the	 water	 as	 it	 headed	 skyward,	 and	 it	 had	 water	 spraying	 out	 of	 its mouth.	Dillon	thought	it	looked	as	though	the	bird	was	stuck	in	an	eternal	state of	puking!	Around	the	main	eagle	were	smaller	ones	circling	it.	They	seemed	to

be	suspended	from	the	ceiling	by	tiny	cables	that	could	barely	been	seen.

Mom	 and	 Dad	 went	 to	 the	 front	 desk	 so	 they	 could	 check	 in	 while	 Jordan and	Claire	waited	with	the	bellman	by	the	cart.	Dillon	and	Gwen	walked	around

in	 awe	 of	 the	 place.	 Almost	 the	 entire	 lobby	 was	 made	 of	 granite	 and	 ornate rocks.	There	were	nature	drawings	of	the	Oasis	all	over	the	walls	and	the	smell

of	fresh	spring	water	filled	the	air.	The	air	inside	was	just	as	moist	and	refreshing as	it	was	on	the	outside	with	one	exception:	it	was	cooler	in	the	hotel,	probably due	to	the	central	air	conditioning.

As	 Dillon	 and	 Gwen	 walked	 toward	 the	 front	 desk	 where	 Mom	 and	 Dad

were,	a	curious	drawing	caught	Dillon’s	eye.	There	was	a	large	carved	scene	on

the	wall	behind	the	desk	which	showed	rivers	of	water	flowing	through	the	Oasis

with	all	types	of	animals:	deer,	rabbits,	coyotes,	and	such.	At	the	very	top	corner of	 the	 carving,	 beside	 one	 of	 the	 large	 leafy	 trees	 was	 a	 small	 symbol.	 As Dillon’s	eyes	focused	in	on	it	he	almost	fell	over.	His	face	went	pale	and	he	must have	 had	 a	 shocked	 expression	 on	 his	 face	 as	 he	 felt	 Gwen	 tugging	 at	 his	 arm and	asking	if	he	was	okay.

When	he	came	out	of	his	stunned	silence,	he	shook	it	off	and	looked	down	at

her.	 “I’m	 fine,”	 he	 said	 with	 a	 weak	 smile.	 “I’m	 just	 …	 suddenly	 not	 feeling well.”

Mom	 must	 have	 overheard	 him	 as	 she	 came	 over	 and	 touched	 his	 shoulder reassuringly.	 She	 felt	 his	 forehead	 and	 looked	 at	 his	 eyes.	 “You	 don’t	 feel	 like you	have	a	fever,	and	you	look	fine.	It’ll	be	okay.	We’ll	be	in	our	rooms	shortly and	then	you	can	lay	down	for	a	bit.”

Dillon	 smiled	 again.	 So	 weak	 was	 it	 that	 he	 thought	 for	 sure	 Mom	 would

press	 on	 and	 start	 asking	 questions.	 Thankfully	 she	 didn’t.	 He	 nodded	 slightly and	 glanced	 back	 at	 the	 wall.	 There,	 by	 the	 leaf,	 was	 the	 symbol	 of	 a	 square surrounding	 a	 pentagram	 which	 had	 an	 eye	 in	 the	 center	 of	 it.	 The	 only	 thing missing	from	it	was	the	writing	that	was	surrounding	it.	The	symbol	was	small

and	barely	noticeable,	but	Dillon	noticed	it.	It	was	the	image	from	his	dream!

“You	guys	coming?”	Jordan	hollered.

Dillon	stared,	still	zoned	out	as	he	puzzled	over	the	strange	symbol	he’d	seen

now	in	his	dreams	and	now	in	real	life.

Claire	shook	his	shoulder.	“You	coming?”	she	repeated.

How	could	that	be? Dillon	screamed	in	his	mind.	Then	immediately	he	was struck	by	the	image	again,	seen	at	another	place.	He	now	knew	that	he	must	have

seen	this	image	at	the	information	center	when	he	was	at	the	counter	buying	his

books	from	Tom	Tom.	All	he	knew	was	that	he	shook	it	off	as	being	mistaken.

Maybe	he	wasn’t?

“In	a	minute,”	Dillon	replied.	“What	room	am	I	in?”

“You’re	with	Jordan	in	room	418,”	Dad	responded.	“Everything	okay?”

“Yeah.	I	just	want	to	ask	the	girl	at	the	desk	a	question.	I’ll	be	up	there	right away.”

“You	 can	 ask	 her	 your	 question	 later,”	 Mom	 said	 sternly.	 “Right	 now,	 you need	 to	 lay	 down.	 I’ll	 bring	 some	 ice	 to	 your	 room.	 Maybe	 you’re	 carsick	 or dehydrated.	Some	ice	water	and	rest	will	help	with	both.”

“I’m	 really	 okay	 Mom,”	 Dillon	 replied.	 “I’ll	 only	 be	 a	 minute	 and	 then	 I’ll go	and	lie	down	for	a	bit	until	I’m	feeling	better,”	he	pleaded.	“Promise.”

Mom	looked	at	Dad	for	help.	He	hesitated	for	a	moment,	then	nodded.	“He’ll

be	fine	hun.	It’s	just	for	a	moment.	Don’t	be	too	long,”	he	said	to	Dillon.

Dillon	knew	he	could	always	count	on	Dad	to	give	him	some	much	needed

flexibility.

“Okay,”	conceded	Mom.	“But	you’re	not	to	be	longer	than	you	need	to.”

Jordan,	 overhearing	 the	 exchange	 from	 the	 elevator	 hollered	 over,	 “I	 can’t promise	you’ll	be	able	to	get	in	the	room!”

“Come	on	man.	Toss	your	brother	a	key-card,”	Dad	said	as	he	walked	over	to

the	elevator.

Jordan	sighed,	Dad	having	destroyed	the	fun	he	was	going	to	have	bugging his	brother.	Gwen	giggled.	Jordan	pulled	out	one	of	the	key-cards	and	tossed	it	to Dillon	 which	 fell	 conveniently	 short	 of	 his	 reach.	 Jordan	 smirked	 as	 though	 he just	had	the	last	word	in	the	conversation.

The	 sleight	 didn’t	 phase	 Dillon	 as	 he	 picked	 up	 the	 card	 and	 headed	 to	 the front	desk.	He	had	other	things	on	his	mind.

The	woman	at	the	front	desk	was	about	average	height	with	short	brown	hair.

She	 appeared	 to	 be	 in	 her	 early	 to	 mid	 twenties	 and	 had	 a	 slim	 build	 and	 was quite	pretty.	As	she	worked	away	typing	on	her	computer	her	head	moved	to	and

away	from	the	screen	as	she	copied	whatever	information	she	was	working	on.

When	 Dillon	 approached	 the	 desk	 she	 was	 so	 engrossed	 in	 her	 work	 that	 she didn’t	notice	him	at	first.

“Excuse	me,”	Dillon	said	in	a	soft	voice.	No	response.	“Excuse	me,”	he	said

again,	this	time	a	little	louder.

The	 woman	 seemed	 startled,	 but	 quickly	 collected	 herself.	 “Oh	 …	 sorry

about	that,”	she	said.

“No	problem,”	Dillon	replied.

“What	can	I	do	for	you?”

Dillon	 was	 silent	 for	 a	 moment,	 not	 really	 knowing	 how	 he	 wanted	 to

proceed.	 “I	 was	 just	 wondering,”	 he	 said	 at	 length,	 “what	 is	 that	 symbol	 up	 on the	wall	behind	you?”

The	woman	turned	around	and	scanned	the	wall.	“What	symbol?”	she	asked.

“That	 one	 over	 there	 at	 the	 top	 corner	 of	 the	 leaf,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 pointed towards	it.

The	woman	looked	to	where	he	was	motioning.	It	took	her	a	moment	but	she

finally	saw	what	he	was	curious	about.	She	looked	closer.	“You	know	…	I’m	not

sure,”	 she	 replied.	 “I’m	 actually	 really	 new	 to	 Oasis	 Resort	 and	 I	 don’t	 come from	 around	 here.”	 She	 turned	 again	 toward	 Dillon.	 “I’m	 from	 Canada!	 The name’s	Janeen,”	she	said	with	a	smile	as	she	stretched	out	her	hand.

“Oh	…	uh	…	I’m	Dillon,”	he	replied	as	the	two	shook	hands.

“How	did	you	even	notice	that?”	Janeen	asked	in	surprise.	“It’s	so	small	and

blends	in	quite	well	with	the	surrounding	carving.”

“I	 guess	 I	 have	 a	 knack	 for	 seeing	 obscure	 stuff.	 I	 also	 don’t	 see	 an	 artist name	anywhere	on	the	wall,”	he	replied	as	he	scanned	the	rest	of	the	carving.

Janeen	 smiled	 again.	 “Hmmm,	 that’s	 weird.	 You	 know	 what,	 Dillon?	 I	 can ask	around	for	you	and	let	you	know	what	I	find	out,	if	anything,”	she	offered.

Dillon	 smiled	 back	 and	 nodded.	 He	 headed	 for	 the	 elevator	 feeling	 a	 little confused	 and	 almost	 sick	 to	 his	 stomach. How	 could	 I	 have	 clearly	 seen	 this symbol	in	a	dream	when	I	had	never	been	here	before,” he	thought	to	himself.

Maybe	 I	 saw	 it	 in	 a	 book	 I	 read,	 or	 from	 some	 info	 on-line	 when	 I	 was researching	 the	 place?	 No,	 he	 realized.	 He	 would	 have	 remembered	 reading about	it	if	he	had.	He	knew	he	couldn’t	dismiss	this.	There	was	something	going

on	here,	and	he	had	to	find	out	what.





9

D I S T U R B I N G 	 T H O U G H T S

Dillon	found	himself	sliding	through	the	dark,	not	knowing	where	he

would	end	up.	He	could	feel	his	back	and	legs	getting	scratched	up	as

he	 tumbled	 down	 the	 rocky	 stairs.	 Fortunately	 he	 didn’t	 seem	 to	 hit

his	 head	 on	 the	 way	 down.	 Then,	 before	 he	 knew	 it,	 the	 stairs	 opened	 up suddenly	into	a	large	cavernous	room	that	was	dimly	illuminated.

Dillon	hit	the	floor	and	rolled	a	few	feet	from	the	mouth	of	the	stairs.	Before

he	fully	got	his	senses	back	he	felt	himself	being	roughly	yanked	from	the	floor.

“Way	to	go	Dil!”	his	brother	yell	at	him.	“You	better	tell	me	what’s	going	on

right	now.”

He	looked	around	stunned.	His	brother	had	a	few	scratches	on	his	face	and

arms.	Fresh	blood	slowly	showed	itself	from	the	many	scrapes.	“Sorry,	but	I	was

more	concerned	about	what	was	chasing	us!”	he	snapped	back.

“Why	did	you	follow	me	anyway?”	Dillon	asked	in	an	accusing	tone.

“Because	 you	 seemed	 so	 adamant	 about	 sneaking	 out	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 the night,”	 Jordan	 replied.	 “And	 Mom	 would	 kill	 me	 if	 I	 knew	 you	 were	 doing something	stupid	and	didn’t	do	anything	about	it!”

“Well	…	thanks,”	said	Dillon	as	he	began	to	wipe	himself	off.
