

“You	need	to	do	whatever	it	takes	to	get	these	guys,”	he	declared.	“Whatever

it	takes!	For	Johnson.”

TRINA	WALKED	INTO	THE	LAB	A	FEW	HOURS	LATER	WITH	A	FORENSIC	EXPERT	WHO

was	 trying	 to	 determine	 all	 the	 elements	 which	 played	 a	 factor	 in	 the	 recent events.	 She	 could	 see	 overturned	 tables,	 pieces	 of	 equipment	 that	 were	 blown apart,	and	some	stains	of	blood	where	Dr.	Johnson	had	been	found.	Fortunately,

the	 invasion	 happened	 a	 few	 hours	 after	 Trichem	 Labs	 officially	 closed	 for	 the day	and	most	of	the	staff	had	already	left	for	the	evening.

“We’re	 conducting	 an	 autopsy	 on	 the	 body	 of	 Dr.	 Johnson	 in	 order	 to

determine	 if	 he	 was	 killed	 before	 the	 explosion,	 or	 if	 that	 was	 the	 cause	 of

death,”	the	forensic	expert	stated	matter-of-factly.

“Why	 did	 you	 have	 to	 be	 so	 committed	 to	 your	 work?”	 Trina	 whispered	 to herself	as	she	stooped	down	and	examined	the	floor	where	they	found	Johnson’s

body.

“What	was	that?”

“Oh	…	nothing,”	she	replied.

The	lab	looked	like	it	was	something	out	of	a	war	movie.	She	glanced	up	to

where	 the	 security	 cameras	 were	 positioned.	 Some	 of	 them	 looked	 scarred	 and burned.	“Did	those	get	any	relevant	footage	of	the	event?”

“We’re	looking	at	the	recordings	now,	but	so	far	there’s	nothing	conclusive.”

“Nothing	conclusive!”	she	exclaimed	as	anger	brimmed	her	voice.	“How	can

we	have	perfectly	good	security	systems	and	not	know	what	we’re	dealing	with

here?”

“Our	Crime	Scene	Investigation	Team	is	on	it,”	he	replied	sternly.	“If	there’s

something	of	note,	we’ll	find	it.”

“Sorry,”	she	replied	softly.	“Do	you	mind	if	I	take	a	look	around	by	myself?”

“Sure	thing.	Just	try	not	to	disturb	anything.”

Trina	nodded.

Trichem	 labs	 was	 desperate	 to	 find	 out	 who	 had	 done	 this.	 And	 Trina	 was pretty	 sure	 she	 knew	 why	 they	 had	 done	 it	 as	 she	 approached	 the	 walk-in refrigeration	unit.

The	unit	was	recessed	into	the	concrete	wall	which	made	it	a	perfect	spot	to

escape	from	an	explosion.	It’s	massive	steel	door	that	was	singed	and	scratched

on	 the	 outside	 was	 slightly	 ajar.	 She	 opened	 it	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 way	 and	 stepped inside,	surveying	the	many	different	vials	that	lined	the	shelves.	She	stopped	half way	down	and	looked	at	the	empty	rack	that	was	conspicuously	evident	with	the

label	underneath	it	which	read:	Genesis.

She	gasped	and	shook	her	head.	She	squeezed	her	eyes	shut	and	opened	them

again,	 hoping	 she	 had	 seen	 wrong	 the	 first	 time.	 But	 she	 hadn’t.	 Genesis	 was gone.	She	knew	that	whoever	had	taken	this	chemical	compound	had	a	force	in

their	 hands	 that	 was	 more	 powerful	 than	 anything	 they	 could	 imagine.	 They probably	didn’t	even	realize	the	extent	to	which	it	could	be	used;	she	hoped	they

didn’t	realize	the	extent	to	which	it	could	be	used.

She	knew	they	had	to	get	it	back.	They	had	to	do	whatever	it	took.

She	had	but	one	recourse	even	though	it	unsettled	her:	It	was	time	to	call	in

the	Orion	Group.





2

T H E 	 WA T C H

The	day	was	overcast	with	dark	clouds	looming;	threatening	to	pour

down	 its	 wrath	 at	 any	 moment.	 Dillon	 hurried	 across	 the	 street	 and

into	the	dark	forest.	His	dog	Bruno,	a	large	playful	German	Shepherd,

followed	 close	 behind,	 sniffing	 every	 second	 tree	 as	 he	 went.	 This	 place	 held special	 significance	 for	 Dillon;	 it	 was	 where	 his	 most	 thrilling	 adventures	 took place.	 Whenever	 he	 was	 over	 here,	 Dillon	 could	 pretend	 to	 be	 anything.	 And today.	 Today,	 Dillon	 was	 a	 fearless	 adventurer,	 in	 search	 of	 the	 lost	 treasure	 of The	Ancient	Skull!

As	 Dillon	 stepped	 into	 the	 dark	 forest,	 the	 area	 around	 him	 transformed	 in his	mind’s	eye.	No	longer	was	it	filled	with	thick	pine,	fir,	and	spruce	trees,	but now	he	was	overshadowed	by	the	dark	canopy	of	the	tropical	Amazon	forest.

He	looked	around	at	his	surroundings,	taking	careful	stock	of	where	he	was;

he	knew	that	every	forward	scout	would	tell	you	that	it’s	all	too	easy	to	lose	your bearings	in	this	kind	of	thick,	desolate	forest.

The	 air	 was	 dank,	 filled	 with	 the	 moisture	 of	 a	 recent	 rain.	 As	 he	 moved carefully	through	the	trees,	following	the	small	trail	he	had	unearthed,	he	noticed the	tracks	he	had	been	looking	for! I	knew	it	was	true! he	thought	to	himself.

For	 years	 everyone	 had	 told	 him	 that	 the	 Amazon	 creatures	 known	 as	 the Giant	Hape	Crushers	were	just	a	fantasy;	a	myth	that	was	created	to	keep	people

from	exploring	this	part	of	the	forest.	But	now	Dillon	knew	it	was	not!	For	right in	front	of	him	were	the	very	tracks	that	proved	his	theory.	And	they	were	fresh!

He	 knew	 this	 could	 only	 mean	 one	 thing:	 he	 was	 close	 to	 the	 fortress	 of	 the Ancient	 Skull,	 the	 legendary	 city	 of	 monsters,	 which	 held	 such	 gold	 and	 glory for	 the	 one	 who	 could	 find	 it.	 Oh	 …	 and	 also	 danger	 and	 possible	 death.	 That was	okay	with	Dillon	though	as	he	knew	the	risks.	He	had	trained	all	his	life	for this	moment.	A	little	danger	wasn’t	going	to	stop	him	now!

Suddenly	 there	 was	 a	 massive	 sound	 of	 crashing	 trees	 and	 low	 guttural grunts	 as	 something	 huge	 barrelled	 through	 the	 trees	 toward	 him.	 He	 quickly dived	to	the	side	and	rolled	off	the	path	and	through	the	brush,	landing	firmly	on his	 feet	 in	 a	 ready	 stance.	 Sliding	 his	 long	 slender	 sabre	 from	 its	 sheath	 he readied	himself	for	the	fight.

The	creature	blew	through	the	trees	with	ferocity,	sending	leaves	everywhere

and	splintering	branches	from	their	perch	upon	the	Amazon	trunks.	It	was	huge;

much	 taller	 than	 Dillon.	 Even	 though	 it	 was	 slightly	 hunched	 Dillon	 could	 tell that	it	was	at	least	eight	feet	in	height.	It	had	the	face	of	a	man	but	the	teeth	of	a gorilla.	Its	huge	mass	was	ripped	with	muscle,	and	the	way	it	stood	and	walked

resembled	that	of	an	ape.	Its	upper	body	was	hairless	while	its	lower	body	had

thick	ape-hair	all	over	it.	He	had	to	dive	out	of	the	way	in	order	to	avoid	being crushed	under	the	massive	hulk	of	the	beast	and	the	flying	debris	it	has	caused!

He	rolled	around	and	slashed	at	the	back	of	the	creature’s	legs	but	the	beast’s

hide	was	too	thick	to	do	any	damage.	It	turned	around	and	Dillon	saw	its	terrible red	eyes	boring	into	him.	It	roared.	Spittle	sprayed	from	its	mouth	as	it	issued	its challenge.	 And	 its	 breath!	 Oh	 the	 stench!	 Despite	 the	 frightening	 nature	 of	 the creature	Dillon’s	resolve	to	make	it	to	the	fortress	of	The	Ancient	Skull	was	not deterred.	Dillon’s	resolve	to	fight	his	way	through	was	at	its	height.

It	came	in	with	its	fangs	barred,	but	Dillon	nimbly	dodged	out	of	the	way	and

delivered	another	blow,	this	time	in	the	thigh.	Clearly	it	was	irritated	as	it	roared; spit	 issuing	 from	 its	 foul	 mouth	 …	 again.	 Dillon	 laughed.	 That	 must	 have confused	the	dim-witted	creature,	for	it	looked	at	him	with	a	puzzled	expression on	its	face.	This	gave	Dillon	the	opportunity	he	needed	to	dive	gracefully	around the	 side	 of	 the	 creature,	 roll,	 and	 come	 up	 in	 a	 dead	 run	 down	 the	 path	 as	 he sheathed	 his	 sword.	 Dillon	 knew	 now	 that	 he	 couldn’t	 fight	 this	 thing	 on	 even ground.	It	was	eight	feet	tall	with	razor	sharp	fangs,	and	breath	that	rivalled	even

his	little	sister	Gwen’s	when	she	woke	up	in	the	morning!

No,	 for	 now,	 he	 was	 content	 running	 through	 the	 woods	 like	 a	 maniac, seeking	for	some	advantage	he	could	use	against	the	beast.	And	there	it	was:	the bridge	of	Kazakdoon!

The	bridge	stood	about	thirty	feet	long	and	spanned	a	gulf	that	was	at	least	a

thousand	feet	deep!

As	he	started	to	run	across	the	bridge	he	began	to	feel	the	sway	of	it	and	the

warm	 wind	 on	 his	 face.	 Dillon	 knew	 that	 he	 was	 in	 more	 trouble	 than	 he	 first realized	when,	at	the	half	way	point	of	the	bridge,	he	heard	the	roar	of	the	Giant Hape	Crusher	as	it	crashed	through	the	trees	and	onto	the	bridge.	The	sudden	jolt of	its	weight	sent	Dillon	flying	into	the	air,	but	he	somehow	managed	to	land	on his	 feet	 and	 kept	 running.	 As	 he	 glanced	 back	 he	 saw	 the	 monstrous	 creature bounding	towards	him	with	such	ferocity	that	it	drained	the	blood	from	his	face.

Dillon’s	heart	pounded.	The	beast	was	gaining	on	him	and	it	was	pretty	clear

that	he	might	not	make	it	to	the	other	side	in	time.	As	he	ran,	he	realized	that	the only	 way	 he	 might	 make	 it	 was	 to	 leap	 from	 the	 bridge	 and	 hope	 that	 he	 was close	enough	to	the	other	side	for	his	momentum	to	propel	him	far	enough	to	the

ledge	of	the	cliff.

Dillon	could	almost	feel	the	hot	breath	of	the	beast	on	his	back	which	made

him	 realize	 that	 it	 was	 now	 or	 never.	 He	 pumped	 his	 legs	 as	 fast	 as	 he	 could, drawing	 on	 all	 the	 resources	 his	 body	 could	 muster—pressing	 himself	 to	 the limit—trying	 to	 make	 up	 as	 much	 distance	 as	 he	 could	 before	 the	 jump.	 He glanced	 back	 for	 a	 moment	 and	 saw	 the	 creature	 reach	 out	 for	 him.	 He	 leaped with	all	his	might.

The	 Giant	 Hape	 Crusher	 lunged	 for	 him	 as	 he	 sprang	 into	 the	 air;	 its	 long stocky	 fingers	 brushing	 the	 back	 of	 the	 air-borne	 adventurer’s	 shirt.	 As	 Dillon flew	from	the	bridge	he	took	note	of	the	clump	of	vines	that	sprouted	from	the

edge	of	the	cliff.	He	knew	that	those	vines	were	the	best	shot	of	him	getting	out of	this	alive.	He	slammed	into	the	side	of	the	cliff	and	desperately	grasped	onto any	of	the	corded	plants	he	could.	As	he	hit	the	edge	of	the	cliff	he	smashed	his knee	 on	 the	 rocky	 face,	 but	 it	 barely	 phased	 him	 as	 he	 knew	 he	 had	 bigger problems	to	deal	with—like	not	falling	a	thousand	feet	to	his	death!

Thankfully	 the	 vines	 seemed	 to	 hold.	 He	 glanced	 back	 over	 his	 shoulder	 to see	the	Giant	Hape	Crusher	staring	at	him	in	disbelief.	It	howled	wildly,	not	sure of	how	to	proceed.	Luckily,	because	of	the	momentum	he	gathered	from	the	run,

Dillon	 landed	 only	 a	 few	 feet	 short	 from	 the	 top	 of	 the	 ledge.	 Quickly	 he scrambled	up	the	cliff	before	the	dumb	creature	realized	that	it	was	still	within striking	distance	of	the	kid	if	it	hurried	off	the	bridge.

The	 agile	 adventurer	 scrambled	 to	 the	 top,	 looked	 back,	 and	 smirked	 at	 the dumbfounded	creature	who	scratched	its	head	stupidly.

“See	 ya!”	 Dillon	 yelled	 as	 he	 took	 off	 again	 through	 the	 trees,	 a	 little	 bit slower	this	time	due	to	his	banged-up	knee.	The	wild	scream	that	the	Giant	Hape

Crusher	 issued	 told	 Dillon	 that	 the	 stupid	 creature	 just	 realized	 it	 could	 still chase	him,	and	was	probably	doing	just	that.

Dillon	 wound	 through	 the	 path	 once	 more	 with	 as	 much	 haste	 as	 he	 could muster,	 but	 the	 stubborn	 creature	 was	 still	 pursuing	 as	 he	 could	 hear	 the	 trees crashing	aside	as	the	beast	plowed	through.

I	 have	 to	 find	 a	 spot	 to	 hide, he	 thought	 to	 himself	 as	 he	 suddenly	 realized that	 there	 was	 no	 way	 of	 out	 running	 this	 thing;	 even	 without	 his	 banged	 up knee.	 Besides,	 Dillon	 also	 had	 to	 admit	 to	 himself	 that	 he	 was	 starting	 to	 get really	tired	and	needed	to	rest	soon.

Just	then,	as	he	stumbled	through	a	small	creek,	he	saw	what	looked	like	a

small	hole	in	the	side	of	a	hill	that	had	an	overhang	of	vines	coming	down	from

it.	Quickly	he	dashed	inside,	and	not	a	moment	too	soon!	For,	as	soon	as	he	had

touched	 the	 back	 wall	 to	 the	 small	 make-shift	 cave,	 the	 beast	 came	 bounding through	the	trees	and	into	the	creek.	It	continued	to	move	on,	about	to	step	into the	tree	line	beyond	where	Dillon	was	hiding,	when	it	suddenly	stopped.	It	lifted its	nose	into	the	air	and	sniffed	around	as	though	it	had	been	tracking	him	by	his scent	this	whole	time.

Dillon	froze,	not	even	daring	to	breathe.	He	had	his	hands	planted	against	the

back	of	the	hole	and,	as	he	was	trying	to	readjust	just	a	little	in	order	to	ensure that	he	was	fully	hidden,	his	hand	grasped	something	that	was	lodged	behind	a

root.	It	felt	small	and	smooth.	Dillon	didn’t	have	time	to	examine	it,	so	he	pulled it	out	and	quickly	placed	it	into	his	pocket.

The	 beast	 came	 back	 toward	 the	 creek	 with	 its	 nose	 in	 the	 air.	 It	 sniffed around,	 up	 and	 then	 down,	 and	 then	 it	 looked	 in	 the	 young	 adventurer’s direction.	 Its	 red	 eyes	 bored	 down	 toward	 the	 small	 hideout.	 Dillon	 could	 see through	small	openings	in	the	overhanging	vines	that	the	creature	probably	knew

he	was	there.	Slowly	it	stalked	over	as	it	continued	to	sniff.	It	was	made	starkly clear	at	that	moment	that	there	was	no	way	out	of	this	except	to	fight,	no	matter how	futile	that	might	be.	He	quickly	slid	his	finely	crafted	sabre	from	its	sheath as	 the	 creature	 approached.	 When	 it	 was	 about	 ten	 feet	 away	 Dillon	 stepped slowly	 and	 calmly	 from	 his	 would-be	 hideout.	 The	 two	 locked	 eyes	 and	 the creature	 hunched	 down	 and	 snarled,	 ready	 to	 charge.	 Dillon	 positioned	 himself in	the	best	defensive	stance	he	could	and	awaited	the	rush.

The	 Giant	 Hape	 Crusher	 roared	 one	 last	 time	 and	 then	 lunged!	 The	 agile warrior	 came	 up	 with	 the	 sabre	 leading	 and	 then	 …	 off	 in	 the	 distance	 Dillon heard	 a	 distinctive	 call,	 “Dillon!	 It’s	 time	 for	 dinner!”	 The	 call	 was	 faint,	 but brought	the	young	boy	back	to	reality.	The	beast	was	almost	upon	him.	It	closed

in	 and	 then	 …	 Dillon	 felt	 the	 lick	 of	 its	 floppy	 tongue	 on	 his	 face.	 It	 knocked him	down	as	it	playfully	licked	him	all	over.

“Okay	 okay!”	 Dillon	 said	 to	 his	 dog,	 Bruno.	 “You	 got	 me!	 Ah!	 The	 fierce Giant	Hape	Crusher	has	triumphed!”	Dillon	laughed	as	he	pushed	his	dog	away.

Bruno	growled	playfully	and	issued	a	bark	as	he	pushed	him	off.	“Sorry	boy,

but	it’s	time	for	dinner.	Let’s	go!”

Bruno	 bounded	 after	 the	 young	 adventurer	 as	 he	 led	 the	 way	 back	 through the	 small	 forest	 and	 onto	 Glenview	 street.	 Dillon’s	 house	 was	 literally	 right across	 the	 road	 from	 this	 most	 awesome	 “play	 zone”	 as	 he	 always	 called	 it.

Unfortunately,	there	weren’t	many	other	kids	in	the	neighbourhood	who	found	it

as	enjoyable	as	he	did.	But	that	was	okay.	Dillon	was	content	as	he	always	had

Bruno	 to	 play	 the	 other	 roles	 in	 their	 adventures.	 Sometimes	 he	 actually pretended	that	Bruno	was	a	giant	wolf	that	he	saved	in	one	way	or	other,	and	that he	 was	 bound	 to	 serve	 and	 protect	 him	 as	 they	 hunted	 for	 treasure	 and	 lost artifacts.

As	 he	 walked	 toward	 his	 house	 he	 pulled	 the	 object	 he	 had	 found	 from	 his pocket.	He	held	it	up	in	front	of	him	and	turned	it	over	in	his	hand.	It	looked	like

it	was	a	small	pocket	watch. Cool!	he	thought,	as	he	examined	it.	It	was	really tarnished	 and	 dirty,	 and	 the	 chain	 that	 was	 supposed	 to	 be	 attached	 to	 it	 was missing.	It	had	a	few	dings	on	it	and	when	he	pushed	the	button	in	order	to	open it	he	had	to	pry	it	a	bit	before	it	unlatched.	The	inside	was	plain,	the	face	of	the watch	was	faded,	and	the	hands	were	missing.

“What’s	 goin	 on	 today	 little	 man?”	 Mom	 asked,	 as	 he	 walk	 into	 the

driveway,	breaking	him	from	his	thoughts	of	curiosity	concerning	the	watch.

“Come	on	Mom!	I’m	taller	than	you	now!”	Dillon	complained	as	he	closed

up	the	watch	and	placed	it	back	in	his	pocket.

Mom	 just	 smiled	 her	 soft,	 almost	 mischievous	 smile,	 she	 always	 had	 when she	was	trying	to	get	a	rise	out	of	one	of	her	kids.

Dillon	shrugged	it	off	and	offered	a	smile	back	of	his	own.	“Nothing	much,”

he	 responded.	 “You	 know	 …	 just	 hunting	 for	 the	 lost	 fortress	 of	 The	 Ancient Skull,”	he	finished	with	an	expressive	flourish	of	his	hands.

“That’s	 nice,”	 Mom	 responded	 without	 missing	 a	 beat	 or	 thinking	 anything was	weird	about	his	statement.	“Don’t	forget	to	wash	your	hands	for	dinner.”

“Really	mom!	I’m	twelve	you	know!”

“Sorry,	honey.	You	still	have	to	wash	your	hands.”

“No	problem,”	Dillon	responded	with	a	shrug.

As	 Dillon	 headed	 to	 the	 bathroom	 to	 wash	 up	 for	 dinner	 his	 little	 sister, Gwen,	 raced	 up	 to	 him	 and	 wrapped	 her	 arms	 around	 his	 waist.	 “Hey	 Dragon Breath!	What’s	that	for?”	he	asked.

“I	 just	 missed	 hanging	 out	 with	 you	 and	 being	 part	 of	 your	 crazy adventures!”	 she	 said,	 a	 huge	 smile	 cresting	 her	 bright	 face.	 “Can	 we	 play	 one after	dinner?”

“I	don’t	know	…	I	am	pretty	busy	with	homework.”

Her	lips	quivered	as	she	gave	Dillon	a	sad	look.

He	smiled	back.	“Okay,	maybe	just	for	a	bit.”

Gwen	 gave	 him	 another	 huge	 hug	 and	 jumped	 back	 excitedly.	 “Maybe	 we

can	finish	finding	the	mysterious	treasure	of	woe?”

“Is	 that	 what	 we	 called	 it?”	 he	 asked.	 “We’ve	 gotta	 think	 up	 a	 better	 name than	that!”



Gwen’s	 smile	 seemed	 almost	 permanent	 at	 this	 point.	 “Did	 you	 find	 any treasures?”	she	asked.

“Not	much.	Just	this	old	pocket	watch	and	a	five	dollar	bill,”	he	said	as	he

pulled	the	money	from	his	pocket.

Gwen	looked	at	the	money	with	admiration.	“Not	much?	That’s	great!”

“Well,	if	you	like	it	so	much	then	how	about	you	keep	the	five	dollars.”

Gwen	almost	fell	over.	“Don’t	you	want	it?”	she	asked.

“No,	I	would	rather	have	this	old	watch.	I	imagine	it	used	to	be	the	property

of	 someone	 important	 long	 ago.	 It	 might	 even	 have	 a	 hidden	 map,	 or	 a	 clue	 to even	greater	treasure	stuck	inside	somewhere.

“Wow,”	Gwen	mouthed	as	she	stared	at	the	prize.

“Or	maybe	it’s	just	an	old	watch,”	Dillon	said,	shrugging.	“But	let’s	pretend

it	is	the	holder	of	a	map,”	he	ended	with	a	grin.

Gwen	nodded	her	head	eagerly.	“You	always	find	the	coolest	stuff,”	she	said

with	abounding	admiration.	“How	come?”

“I	 don't	 know.	 Just	 lucky	 I	 guess.”	 Dillon	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 watch	 and turned	 it	 over	 in	 his	 hand.	 He	 didn’t	 understand	 it,	 but	 he	 just	 had	 this	 feeling that	this	watch	 was	 important	somehow.	He	just	didn’t	know	why.	He	looked	up and	 smiled	 at	 Gwen	 and	 shrugged	 before	 moving	 passed	 her.	 Maybe	 his

imagination	was	getting	the	best	of	him,	he	thought,	as	he	chuckled	to	himself.

JAKE	WATCHED	 DEREK	 WALK	 BACK	 TO	 THEIR	 CAR	 AS	 HE	 ROUNDED	 THE	 CORNER.

His	leg	jiggled	a	little	with	nerves.	If	he	was	wrong	about	the	kid	…	He	took	a

deep	 breath	 and	 composed	 his	 face.	 Just	 in	 case	 this	 was	 the	 right	 kid,	 Jake purposely	 parked	 around	 the	 corner,	 out	 of	 the	 way	 of	 the	 view	 of	 Dillon’s house.	 He	 didn’t	 want	 any	 possibility	 of	 Dillon	 observing	 them	 and	 blowing their	 cover.	 It	 seemed	 silly	 on	 a	 rational	 level,	 but	 he	 knew	 he	 wasn’t	 dealing with	rationality	here	if	Dillon	was	their	boy.

“Well?”	 he	 asked	 as	 Derek	 settled	 in	 the	 passenger’s	 seat.	 “How	 did	 it	 go?

Did	he	see	you?”



“No	he	didn’t	see	me,”	Derek	responded.	“I	made	sure	of	that.	I	have	to	tell

you	though,	I	was	pretty	skeptical	about	your	assessment	of	this	kid.	But	it	went better	 than	 I	 thought	 it	 would.”	 He	 took	 his	 ball	 cap	 off	 to	 reveal	 a	 cleanly shaven	 head;	 right	 to	 the	 scalp.	 On	 the	 right	 side	 of	 his	 head	 he	 had	 Japanese Kana	 characters	 tattooed,	 but	 never	 told	 anyone	 what	 they	 meant.	 Whenever anyone	 asked	 him	 about	 it	 he	 just	 got	 quiet	 and	 either	 changed	 the	 subject	 or walked	away.

“That’s	encouraging	news,”	Jake	replied	with	a	smile.	“What	happened?”

“Well	…	when	you	told	me	that	you	thought	this	kid	had	some	sort	of	 luck	in finding	 objects	 that	 others	 would	 pass	 by,	 even	 if	 they	 were	 well	 hidden	 I thought	 you	 were	 exaggerating,”	 Derek	 said.	 “So	 I	 decided	 to	 test	 your	 little theory	and	I	hid	it	in	a	place	that	no	one	should	have	found	it.”

“Where?”	asked	Jake,	intrigued.

Derek,	 looking	 down	 at	 his	 cap,	 paused	 for	 a	 moment,	 then	 looked	 up	 and met	Jake’s	waiting	gaze.	“I	hid	the	watch	in	a	natural	alcove	that	had	some	tree roots	 growing	 down	 over	 the	 hole.	 In	 the	 alcove	 I	 buried	 it	 behind	 some	 more roots	and	moss.	That	thing	should	have	stayed	hidden	for	ever.”

Jake	smiled.	“I	think	we’ve	found	our	kid,”	he	said	as	he	reached	over	and

turned	the	key	in	the	ignition.

DILLON	LAY	 IN	 HIS	 BED	 LATER	 THAT	 NIGHT	 STARING	 UP	 AT	 THE	 STRANGE	 WATCH

he	 had	 found.	 It	 didn’t	 work	 anymore.	 He	 rubbed	 at	 it	 with	 the	 sleeve	 of	 his pyjama	shirt,	trying	to	clean	the	dirt	and	stains	off	of	it.	As	he	rubbed	he	noticed that	there	was	some	sort	of	writing	on	the	back.	He	reached	over	and	pulled	his

night	lamp	closer	so	he	could	get	a	better	look	at	it.	It	was	really	hard	to	read, but,	 after	 a	 few	 moments	 he	 managed	 to	 make	 out	 the	 letters	 JTS. JTS	 he mouthed	 silently.	 He	 opened	 the	 watch	 up	 again	 and	 turned	 it	 around	 in	 his hands	a	few	more	times,	looking	for	anything	else	he	could	see	that	was	out	of

the	 ordinary.	 The	 fact	 that	 the	 hands	 were	 missing	 was	 definitely	 strange.	 He considered	 the	 letters	 for	 a	 few	 moments	 more.	 Dillon	 was	 sure	 that,	 if	 this

watch	could	talk,	it	would	have	a	tale	to	tell	that	would	make	his	own	adventures seem	lame	in	comparison!	His	mind	drifted	to	fantastical	imaginations	of	far	off lands	and	amazing	feats	of	heroism.	He	laughed	to	himself.

Sure, he	thought. It	was	probably	just	some	old	man’s	junk	that	he	threw	out when	he	couldn’t	find	any	replacement	hands!

Still,	he	couldn’t	help	but	wonder	if	there	was	something	more.	He	couldn’t

explain	it	but	he	just	had	this	feeling	about	this	watch.

He	 suddenly	 heard	 footsteps	 coming	 down	 the	 hall	 towards	 his	 room.

Quickly,	he	put	the	watch	down,	shut	off	the	lights,	and	tucked	himself	under	the covers,	narrowly	avoiding	the	“mom	talk”	about	going	to	sleep	promptly.

As	 he	 drifted	 off	 to	 sleep	 he	 smiled	 to	 himself	 as	 his	 mind	 started	 working out	all	the	possible	origins	of	the	watch,	a	few	of	those	thoughts	even	followed him	into	his	dreams.





3

C H O C O L A T E

Dillon	and	his	friends	walked	onto	the	playground	with	confidence	and

expectation.	They	had	thirty	minutes	left	in	their	lunch	break	in	order

to	continue	their	adventures	of	the	high	seas.	As	they	climbed	onto	the

Jungle	Gym	it	transformed	in	their	minds	into	a	huge	wooden	ship	that	swayed

back	 and	 forth,	 being	 tossed	 to	 and	 fro	 by	 the	 pounding	 of	 the	 swells	 of	 the ocean.

The	boat	threatened	to	come	apart	as	it	was	hammered	by	the	roaring	waves.

The	crew	might	have	felt	better	about	their	circumstances	if	they	weren’t	being

boarded	by	pirates!	They	were	warned	that	this	part	of	the	sea	was	full	of	them, but	the	chance	to	be	the	ones	who	found	the	lost	isle	of	the	Dawn	Breaker	was

too	much	temptation	for	the	crew	of	six.	Their	Captain,	Colton	Drake,	was	sure

they	 could	 make	 it	 despite	 the	 warnings	 that	 were	 given	 to	 them	 before	 they embarked.

The	pirates	came	on	in	a	fury.	First	mate,	Chet	Williams,	narrowly	dodged	a

wicked	looking	jagged	pirate	blade	before	coming	back	with	a	strike	of	his	own.

He	scored	a	hit	on	the	pirate’s	side;	the	sea	dog	grimaced	and	fell	back	a	step.

Williams	smiled	slightly,	then	his	look	turned	to	surprise	as	the	pirate	returned	to the	battle	with	the	same	fury	as	the	storm	that	rocked	the	boat.

Williams	worked	his	blade	feverishly,	matching	blow	with	parry,	parry	with

blow;	neither	scoring	a	hit.	The	ring	of	their	blades	was	heard	above	that	of	the roar	of	the	storm.	The	pirate	pushed	Williams	back	to	the	side	of	the	ship	with



his	 ferocity.	 Their	 blades	 locked	 and	 Williams	 could	 smell	 the	 stench	 of	 the pirate’s	 breath	 as	 he	 moved	 in	 close,	 hoping	 to	 overpower	 the	 sailor.	 Williams thought	he	was	about	to	perish	when	suddenly	the	pirate’s	eyes	opened	wide	in

disbelief	and	his	press	upon	Williams	slackened	just	before	he	fell	to	the	deck.	In the	dark	night	Williams	could	see	the	face	of	his	Captain	standing	there.

“You	alright?”	Captain	Drake	asked.

Williams	 nodded.	 He	 and	 Drake	 looked	 around,	 then	 leaped	 back	 into	 the fray	 in	 order	 to	 help	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 crew.	 As	 he	 fought	 off	 the	 pirates,	 Captain Drake	 would	 take	 any	 reprieve	 he	 could	 to	 glance	 at	 his	 compass	 in	 order	 to make	sure	that	the	ship	was	still	on	course,	despite	the	battle.

“CHECK	 THIS	 OUT	 GUYS,”	 SAID	 JASON,	 A	 STALKY	 SIXTH	 GRADER,	 TO	 HIS	 FOUR

friends	 who	 were	 just	 hanging	 out	 by	 the	 school	 fence	 talking	 about	 the	 latest you-tuber	as	they	ate	lunch.

They	all	turned	and	watched	as	they	saw	Dillon	and	five	younger	grade	kids

jumping	 all	 over	 the	 Jungle	 Gym,	 pretending	 to	 dodge	 blows	 and	 battle	 some unseen	foes.	The	guys	started	chuckling.

“Man,	is	that	kid	ever	weird,”	said	one	of	Jason’s	friends.

“Ya	…	no	doubt,”	Jason	replied	as	he	started	walking	toward	the	playground.

“What	are	you	doin	man?”	asked	another	of	his	friends.

Jason	turned	to	regard	him	and	smiled.	“I’m	just	gonna	have	some	fun,”	he

responded.

There	were	other	kids	watching	the	display	from	a	distance	but	didn’t	seem

to	mind.	From	time-to-time	another	smaller	kid	or	two	would	come	up	and	start

playing	 with	 the	 crew.	 Dillon	 welcomed	 anyone	 who	 wanted	 to	 engage	 in	 the adventure.

He	 noticed	 Jason	 and	 his	 gang	 approaching	 but	 continued	 the	 adventure

anyway,	knowing	that	it	was	probably	about	to	come	to	an	end.

Sure	enough.	As	Jason	walked	up	he	pushed	one	of	the	younger	kids	out	of

the	way.	The	kid	sprawled	out	onto	the	grass	and	rolled	a	couple	of	times	before

coming	to	a	stop.	Immediately	Dillon	jumped	off	the	equipment	and	met	Jason face-to-face.

“Hey	 man!	 Why	 don’t	 you	 leave	 us	 alone,”	 he	 said,	 getting	 between	 Jason and	the	rest	of	his	“crew.”

“I	just	thought	you	might	want	some	 real	people	to	fight,”	Jason	said	with	a sneer.

“No,	we’re	okay	with	the	pirates	of	the	Glass	Sea,”	responded	Dillon.

“The	what?”	Jason	asked	incredulously.

“The	 pirates	 of	 the	 Glass	 Sea,”	 Dillon	 said	 matter-of-factly.	 “Don’t	 tell	 me you’ve	 never	 heard	 of	 them?	 They’re	 infamous	 for	 their	 murderous	 rage.	 They seek	vessels	to	attack	and	pillage,	murdering	all	in	their	way	and	hoarding	all	the treasure	they	acquire.”

“You’re	weird	man,”	stated	Jason,	a	tone	of	condescension	in	his	voice.

“I	 know.	 It	 is	 strange	 that	 we	 use	 our	 imaginations	 to	 entertain	 ourselves.

You’ve	heard	of	that?	Haven’t	you?”

“Of	course	I	have	you	nerd!”	exclaimed	Jason	indignantly.

“Then	maybe	you	would	like	to	join	us?”	offered	Dillon.

Jason	shook	his	head	slightly,	unable	to	mask	the	disgust	he	had	on	his	face.

“Man,	 I	 could	 beat	 the	 crap	 out	 of	 you	 if	 I	 wanted.	 But	 you’re	 not	 worth	 my time.	 This	 thing,	 though?”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 noticed	 the	 watch	 in	 Dillon’s	 hand.

Quickly,	 before	 Dillon	 could	 react,	 he	 snatched	 it	 from	 him.	 “What’s	 this?”	 he asked	in	a	taunting	voice.

“Hey	man,	not	cool!”	Dillon	responded.	“That’s	mine!”

“Hunt,	your	family’s	so	poor	your	parents	can’t	even	afford	a	proper	watch

for	you!,”	Jason	exclaimed	as	he	held	it	up.	Dillon	tried	to	grab	it	back,	but	Jason quickly	 pulled	 it	 away	 and	 shoved	 Dillon	 hard	 in	 the	 chest.	 Dillon	 stumbled back,	but	was	able	to	maintain	his	footing.

Jason’s	crew	was	quick	to	look	around	and	see	if	any	of	the	recess	monitors

had	 noticed	 what	 was	 going	 on.	 They	 hadn’t.	 Fortunately	 for	 Jason	 the playground	was	packed	and	the	monitors	were	all	preoccupied:	some	with	other

kids;	 some	 talking	 to	 one	 another;	 and	 one	 monitor,	 Mrs	 Jacobs,	 apparently thought	there	were	more	interesting	things	going	on	in	the	world	of	social	media

as	she	had	her	face	glued	to	her	phone.

“It	looks	worthless,”	said	Jason.	“Let’s	see	if	it	is.”

Before	Dillon	could	try	and	grab	at	it	again	Jason	threw	it	as	hard	as	he	could

behind	 the	 playground	 and	 into	 …	 Miss	 Kettle’s	 yard!	 Dillon,	 and	 all	 the	 kids who	had	witnessed	this,	were	horror	struck.

Miss	Kettle’s	yard	backed	onto	the	school	property	and	all	the	kids	avoided

her	 part	 of	 the	 fence	 like	 the	 plague.	 This	 was	 due	 to	 her	 dog,	 Chocolate.	 The name	she	gave	her	dog	didn’t	seem	to	match	the	dog	itself	except	for	maybe	its

color.	Chocolate	was	a	massive	Rottweiler-Husky	cross	with	dark	brown	fur.	His

bark	 was	 enough	 to	 scare	 the	 bravest	 of	 the	 kids	 at	 school.	 He	 didn’t	 show himself	very	often,	but	when	someone	ventured	too	close	to	the	fence	he	would,

most-times,	 let	 out	 a	 deep-throated	 bark	 that	 seemed	 to	 shake	 the	 very	 air.	 The worst	part	was	that	Miss	Kettle’s	yard	was	 full	of	trees,	plants,	and	shrubs	which made	it	perfect	for	Chocolate	to	conceal	himself	so	you	wouldn’t	know	he	was

even	there	until	it	was	too	late.

Dillon	 stood	 there	 in	 a	 daze.	 In	 an	 instant	 it	 seemed	 like	 the	 entire playground	 went	 silent.	 You	 could	 hear	 a	 pin	 drop	 at	 that	 moment.	 The	 slight breeze,	which	before	now	was	not	even	noticeable,	seemed	like	a	torrent	at	that

moment.

“You	 jerk!”	 screamed	 Sarah—another	 sixth	 grader	 with	 medium	 length

brown	hair,	and	one	of	Dillon’s	best	friends—as	she	moved	closer	to	Jason	and

Dillon.

Jason	merely	laughed.

Dillon	started	walking	toward	the	yard.

“What	 are	 you	 doing?”	 asked	 Sarah	 as	 she	 grabbed	 his	 arm.	 “You’re	 not seriously	thinking	about	going	in	there	are	you?”	she	pressed.

Dillon	pulled	his	arm	away.	“I	have	to,”	he	said	as	he	turned	to	look	her	in

the	eyes.

“Why?”

“I	 …	 I	 don’t	 know,”	 he	 responded	 hesitantly.	 “But	 I	 need	 to	 get	 that	 watch back.”

“Why	don’t	you	just	wait	until	after	school	and	go	ask	Miss	Kettle	to	get	it

back	for	you	instead	of	risking	your	life	for	a	stupid	broken	watch	you	found	in the	forest?”	Sarah	reasoned.

“I	 can’t	 wait.	 I	 can’t	 lose	 it.	 What	 if	 the	 dog	 get’s	 it	 first?”	 His	 voice	 was verging	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 desperation.	 His	 tone	 stopped	 Sarah	 in	 her	 tracks	 for	 a moment.

Jason	laughed	again	as	he	began	to	walk	away.	“You’re	as	stupid	as	you	look

Hunt!”

Sarah	 snapped	 her	 head	 around	 and	 gave	 Jason	 a	 cold	 look.	 He	 sneered	 at her,	 waved	 his	 hand	 dismissively,	 and	 continued	 walking.	 “Come	 on	 guys,”	 he said	 to	 the	 rest	 of	 his	 posse.	 They	 hesitated,	 unsure	 of	 what	 they	 should	 do.	 “I said	come	on!”	he	reiterated	forcefully.	That	was	enough	to	get	them	going.

By	the	time	Sarah	looked	back,	Dillon	was	halfway	to	the	fence.	The	other

kids	 who,	 a	 moment	 earlier	 were	 hanging	 out	 with	 him	 on	 the	 Jungle	 Gym, looked	to	one	another	for	a	second	and	then	began	to	follow.	Sarah	ran	to	catch

up	with	him.

“Dillon!”	she	whispered	emphatically	as	they	got	closer	to	the	fence.

Dillon	 quickly	 waved	 his	 hand	 in	 a	 downward	 motion	 indicating	 that	 he wanted	 her	 to	 be	 quiet.	 He	 stood	 by	 the	 fence	 for	 a	 moment	 and	 listened.

Everyone	 was	 deadly	 silent.	 The	 only	 sound	 that	 could	 be	 heard	 was	 the	 light breeze	that	moved	through	the	trees	and	brush	of	Miss	Kettle’s	yard,	ruffling	the leaves	and	branches	as	it	went.

Dillon	grabbed	the	top	of	the	chain-linked	fence.	Sarah	touched	his	shoulder.

He	 turned	 and	 met	 her	 eyes,	 noting	 the	 concern	 he	 could	 see	 in	 them.	 “It’ll	 be okay,”	he	whispered	to	her.	With	that,	he	quickly	leaped	over	the	fence	and	into the	yard.	Every	kid	watching	held	their	breath,	not	daring	to	make	a	sound.

Dillon	made	his	way	quickly	across	the	small	clearing	that	led	to	the	edge	of

the	trees	and	bushes	which	covered	Miss	Kettle’s	yard.	He	then	crouched	down

and	 slipped	 under	 the	 closest	 overhang	 of	 branches	 and	 disappeared	 under	 the overgrowth.	 As	 silent	 as	 he	 could	 he	 maneuvered	 through	 the	 yard,	 trying	 to remember	roughly	where	he	saw	the	watch	go	down.	As	he	snuck	along	he	was

careful	 to	 listen	 for	 any	 sound	 that	 Chocolate	 might	 make.	 He	 noted	 some deadfall	 under	 the	 trees	 and	 picked	 up	 a	 one	 inch	 thick	 branch	 that	 was	 about

three	feet	long,	just	in	case.	He	came	through	the	thick	brush	and	noted	a	large doghouse	in	front	of	him	and	to	the	right.	He	scanned	the	yard	to	see	if	he	could spot	 the	 dog	 anywhere.	 All	 was	 clear.	 As	 he	 was	 repositioning	 himself	 he suddenly	heard	some	movement	coming	from	within	the	doghouse.	He	froze,	not

daring	 to	 even	 breathe.	 He	 waited	 for	 what	 seemed	 an	 eternity,	 but	 nothing happened.	No	dog. He’s	probably	sleeping,	Dillon	thought. I	hope	he’s	sleeping!

As	 he	 continued	 to	 scan	 around	 he	 noted	 the	 glint	 of	 an	 object	 as	 the	 sun reflected	off	of	it.	It	was	the	watch!	Dillon’s	best	guess	was	that	the	watch	had cleared	 the	 trees	 and	 landed	 about	 ten	 feet	 from	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 brush	 into	 the yard;	five	feet	from	the	entrance	to	the	doghouse.

Man.	 Jason	 has	 a	 great	 arm! he	 thought	 to	 himself. That	 kid	 should	 really focus	 on	 using	 it	 for	 good	 not	 evil. Dillon	 shook	 his	 head	 in	 order	 to	 focus	 his attention	back	to	the	task	at	hand. Get	the	watch, he	thought	to	himself. Get	 the watch.

He	kneeled	at	the	edge	of	the	tree-line,	reached	down	and	grabbed	a	handful

of	 dead	 leaves,	 and	 sprinkled	 them	 lightly	 so	 that	 he	 could	 get	 a	 sense	 of	 the wind	direction.	The	wind	was	blowing	back	the	way	he	had	come,	which	meant

that	it	was	blowing,	more-or-less,	away	from	the	doghouse.

Dillon	 knew	 that	 he	 had	 to	 act	 sooner	 than	 later.	 Slowly	 he	 began	 to	 creep toward	the	watch,	walking	in	a	crouched	position,	watching	carefully	where	he

placed	 each	 foot	 as	 he	 moved.	 He	 was	 almost	 there	 when	 he	 noticed	 a	 slight change	in	his	environment.	He	felt	the	wind	shift	ever-so-slightly	as	the	hair	on the	back	of	his	head	moved	in	that	direction;	the	direction	of	the	doghouse.	His heart	started	to	pound,	threatening	to	burst	from	his	chest.	Then	he	heard	it.	The low	 growl	 that	 drained	 the	 blood	 from	 his	 face.	 Slowly,	 he	 looked	 up	 to	 see Chocolate	 crouched	 low	 in	 his	 doghouse	 and	 starring	 at	 him	 with	 those	 deep brown	eyes,	barring	his	shiny	white	teeth.

Dillon’s	 hand	 was	 so	 close	 to	 the	 watch.	 A	 few	 more	 inches	 and	 he	 would have	 it.	 Chocolate	 slowly	 started	 to	 emerge	 from	 the	 doghouse.	 Dillon	 grasped the	stick	tightly	in	his	hand	while	he	moved	his	other	hand	over	and	grabbed	the watch.	 Chocolate’s	 growl	 grew	 more	 intense.	 Slowly,	 Dillon	 began	 to	 stand.

“Hey	boy,”	he	said	in	a	steady	tone.	“How	are	you	today?”	Chocolate	barked.

“Easy	boy,”	said	Dillon	with	his	hand	out.	“You	want	the	stick?”	he	asked	as he	began	to	wave	it.	Chocolate	still	growled	and	issued	a	bark.	Dillon	waved	the stick	a	little	more	emphatically.	“Wanna	play?	Come	on	boy	…	come	on	…”	he

said	in	the	most	playful	voice	he	could	muster.

Dillon	started	to	back	away	slowly.	He	didn’t	think	the	dog	was	going	for	it.

He	 still	 waved	 the	 stick	 and	 tried	 to	 get	 Chocolate’s	 attention	 with	 it.	 The	 dog crouched	 lower	 and	 began	 to	 stalk	 in.	 Dillon	 now	 knew	 that	 he	 had	 but	 one option:	 run.	 Before	 he	 was	 able	 to	 turn,	 Chocolate	 leaped	 at	 him,	 his	 canine fangs	leading	the	way.	Dillon	twisted	and	turned	around	the	nearest	tree;	the	dog landed	with	a	thud,	tearing	at	the	bark	where	Dillon	was	just	a	moment	earlier.

The	 young	 boy	 pumped	 his	 legs	 as	 fast	 as	 he	 could,	 knowing	 that	 the ferocious	 dog	 was	 coming	 at	 him	 without	 mercy.	 He	 could	 hear	 the	 dog	 break around	the	tree	in	pursuit	but	he	didn’t	dare	to	even	turn	his	head	and	look.	His only	hope,	he	knew,	was	to	get	to	the	fence.

Chocolate	tore	through	the	brush	like	a	dog	possessed!	He	was	almost	on	top

of	Dillon	when	his	name	rang	through	the	air	as	a	large	stick	land	right	near	him.

Chocolate	 stopped	 to	 take	 note.	 “Over	 here	 Chocolate!”	 yelled	 Sarah	 again, standing	about	fifteen	feet	from	him.

Dillon	 glanced	 over	 to	 see	 his	 friend	 standing	 there	 and	 noted	 that	 she	 had just	 bought	 him	 some	 time.	 Sarah	 ran	 as	 soon	 as	 the	 dog	 noticed	 her.	 It	 was confused	for	a	moment	as	it	stared	between	the	two,	as	if	wondering	which	one

would	make	a	juicier	snack.	It	decided	to	keep	going	for	Dillon	as	it	again	turned toward	him	and	resumed	the	chase.

Dillon	 could	 see	 the	 fence	 and	 the	 others	 standing	 safely	 on	 the	 other	 side.

They	 began	 to	 cheer	 when	 they	 saw	 him	 and	 Sarah,	 then	 their	 cheer	 turned	 to shrieks	of	horror	as	they	saw	Chocolate	in	hot	pursuit	coming	through	the	small

clearing	that	led	to	the	fence.

Dillon	knew	he	was	going	to	be	hard-pressed	to	make	it	so	he	turned	to	meet

the	 charging	 dog	 and	 got	 his	 stick	 up	 just	 in	 time.	 Chocolate	 bit	 down	 on	 the branch	and	began	to	tear	it	back	and	forth.	It	was	all	Dillon	could	do	to	keep	the stick	in	his	hands.	He	knew	he	had	to	make	a	break	over	the	fence,	so	he	let	go

of	 the	 stick	 and	 twisted	 his	 body,	 placing	 a	 hand	 on	 the	 fence	 and	 leaped.	 The

dog	tore	at	the	stick	a	little	more	then	threw	it	to	the	ground	and	lunged	toward Dillon.	The	boy	curled	up	his	legs	as	Chocolate	snapped	his	huge	maw	at	him.

The	dog	managed	to	grab	some	of	the	fabric	on	Dillon’s	pant	leg,	but	it	wasn’t

enough	to	get	a	good	hold,	and	it	tore	free.	Dillon	cleared	the	fence	and	landed on	the	ground	with	a	thud,	feeling	some	of	the	wind	being	blown	from	his	lungs.

He	lay	there	for	a	moment,	trying	to	get	his	breath	back.	When	he	managed

to	look	up	he	saw	the	faces	of	his	friends	staring	down	at	him	with	huge	smiles, cheering,	and	offering	to	help	him	up.

Dillon	quickly	sat	up	onto	his	elbows	then	glance	over	to	Sarah	who	was	just

getting	up	from	where	she	was	kneeling	after	jumping	the	fence.	Chocolate	was

barking	as	ferociously	as	he	could	and	ramming	his	head	into	the	fence.

“That	was	awesome!”	yelled	Tyler	Jones,	a	scrawny	ten	year	old	who	always

loved	 hanging	 out	 with	 Dillon	 on	 the	 playground	 and	 being	 part	 of	 his adventures.	The	others	agreed	enthusiastically.

Dillon	nodded	and	shook	off	the	loose	grass	that	clung	to	his	clothes.	Sarah

marched	 over	 and	 punched	 him	 in	 the	 arm	 as	 hard	 as	 she	 could.	 “Ow!”	 he complained.	“What	was	that	for?”

“Oh	I	think	you	know!”	she	replied.	“You	know	…	you	know	…	you	know!”

she	yelled.	“That	was	the	stupidest	thing	you	have	ever	done!”

Dillon	was	quiet,	and	so	were	the	rest	of	the	kids.	In	fact,	the	silence	was	so

awkward	 that	 the	 others	 started	 to	 slink	 away	 muttering	 one	 excuse	 or	 another.

Sarah’s	 angry	 eyes	 bore	 into	 him.	 From	 his	 pocket	 Dillon	 produced	 the	 watch and	smiled.

“Was	 it	 worth	 it?”	 Sarah	 asked,	 her	 anger	 not	 abated	 at	 all.	 “Is	 that	 worth your	life?”	she	yelled,	pointing	an	angry	finger	at	the	watch.

“I	 think	 you’re	 exaggerating	 a	 little,”	 Dillon	 responded	 as	 he	 put	 the	 watch back	in	his	pocket.	“And	yes	…	I	can’t	explain	it,	but	this	was	worth	it.”

Sarah	 looked	 at	 him	 in	 disbelief,	 snorted,	 and	 stormed	 away.	 By	 then

Chocolate	 had	 calmed	 down	 and	 slunk	 back	 into	 the	 tree-line,	 heading	 for	 his doghouse	again.

Dillon	 was	 left	 there	 by	 himself;	 the	 soft,	 cool	 wind	 brushing	 against	 his face. Why	was	this	so	important? he	thought	to	himself.	After	a	moment	more	he

merely	shrugged	the	thought	away	and	headed	toward	the	school	as	he	knew	the lunch	break	was	about	to	end.





4

D U S T 	 V A L L E Y 	 D E S E R T 	 O A S I S 	 R E S O R T

After	a	few	days,	Dillon’s	relationship	with	Sarah	was	still	broken.	She

had	refused	to	hang	out	the	last	couple	of	days,	or	even	talk	to	him	for

that	matter.	He	had	trouble	figuring	out	why	she	was	so	angry.	He	knew

he	had	to	repair	whatever	damage	had	been	done,	but	he	didn’t	quite	know	how

to	go	about	it.

After	 school	 on	 the	 third	 day	 after	 the	 incident	 in	 Miss	 Kettle’s	 yard,	 as Dillon	walked	onto	the	school	bus,	he	noticed	that	none	of	Sarah’s	other	friends had	sat	down	with	her	yet. This	is	my	chance,	he	thought	to	himself.

As	 he	 walked	 up	 to	 her	 seat	 he	 noticed	 that	 she	 was	 quick	 to	 turn	 her	 face away	from	him	and	stare	out	the	window,	pretending	not	to	see	him.	“Is	this	seat taken?”	he	asked	innocently.

She	glanced	up	at	him	with	a	blank	expression	that	he	found	hard	to	read.	“I

really	need	to	talk	to	you,”	he	was	quick	to	add,	feeling	as	though	he	was	on	the edge	of	his	chance	at	any	reconciliation.	“Please,”	he	pleaded.

“Fine,”	she	replied	in	a	cold	tone.

Dillon	 smiled	 and	 sat	 down.	 “Listen,”	 he	 started,	 “I’m	 really	 sorry	 I	 upset you	the	other	day.	It	was	stupid	of	me	and	I—”

“It’s	okay,”	Sarah	interrupted	him,	managing	a	little	smile.	“You	just	get	me

so	angry	sometimes	with	your	crazy	ideas.”

Dillon	 was	 shocked!	 He	 didn’t	 think	 it	 would	 be	 that	 easy.	 “We’re	 okay then?”	he	asked.

“Ya.	You	know	me.	I	can’t	stay	mad	at	you	forever.”

Dillon	smiled.	“Thanks!”

“So	what’s	so	special	about	that	watch	anyway?”	Sarah	asked.

Dillon	took	it	out	of	his	backpack.	“I	don’t	know,”	he	replied.	“There’s	just

something	about	it.”	He	opened	it	up	and	showed	Sarah	the	inside	with	the	faded

face	and	the	missing	hands.

She	took	it	and	looked	it	over.	“It	just	looks	like	a	piece	of	junk,”	she	stated.

She	 looked	 at	 the	 back	 and	 noticed	 the	 letters	 JTS.	 “JTS?”	 she	 asked.	 “What’s that	mean?”

“I	don’t	know.	It	could	be	anything?”

“You	said	you	found	this	in	the	forest	beside	your	house?”

“Ya.	 In	 a	 really	 weird	 spot	 too.	 I	 can’t	 for	 the	 life	 of	 me	 think	 why	 it	 was where	it	was,”	Dillon	stated.

Sarah	 handed	 the	 watch	 back.	 “Well,	 it	 is	 kind	 of	 cool	 finding	 something that’s	that	old	and	worn.”	She	smiled.	“You’ve	always	been	into	old	stuff.”

Dillon	put	the	watch	back	in	his	pack	and	smiled	at	his	friend.	He	knew	that

she	would	come	around.

He	 glanced	 out	 the	 window	 as	 he	 zipped	 up	 the	 bag	 and	 noticed	 his	 older sister	 Claire	 with	 Jeff	 Hogan,	 a	 tall	 gangly	 fourteen	 year	 old	 with	 light	 brown shaggy	hair.	He	wore	tattered	jeans	and	a	tank	top.	Claire	smiled	and	laughed	at something	Jeff	had	said	while	putting	her	hand	on	his	shoulder.	She	leaned	over

and	gave	him	a	kiss	before	turning	and	rushing	to	the	bus.

As	she	walked	down	the	aisle	Dillon	looked	up	and	gave	her	a	quick	smirk.

“What’s	that	for	nerd?”	she	asked	disdainfully.

“Nothing.	Can’t	I	smile	at	my	sister?”

Ah	…	no,”	she	replied	as	she	moved	passed	him	to	join	some	of	her	friends

who	saved	her	a	seat	near	the	back	of	the	bus.

“Wow.	She’s	rude	isn’t	she?”	Sarah	noted.

Dillon	shrugged,	not	really	caring	too	much	about	Claire’s	attitude.	“It’s	just

how	she	is.	But	now	I	know	something	that	she	doesn’t.”

“Oh	ya.	What’s	that?”

“She	 doesn’t	 know	 that	 I	 know	 she’s	 dating	 Jeff	 Hogan,”	 he	 replied	 with	 a



smile.

Sarah	 laughed	 and	 shook	 her	 head,	 always	 amused	 at	 the	 interplay	 that happens	between	Dillon	and	his	siblings.

THAT	 NIGHT	 DINNER	 WAS	 AWESOME!	 THE	 ROAST	 CHICKEN	 WAS	 PERFECTLY	 DONE

with	 the	 skin	 at	 just	 the	 right	 crispiness	 level!	 Dillon	 loved	 roast	 chicken.	 And those	 baked	 potatoes!	 Even	 the	 salad	 was	 good	 which	 was	 always	 a	 bonus, especially	 for	 someone	 who	 didn't	 like	 eating	 vegetables	 that	 much.	 There	 was even	a	rumour	that	Mom	had	made	cheesecake!

Mom	 and	 Dad	 always	 provided	 for	 the	 family,	 but	 sometimes	 the	 food

selection	 was	 limited	 due	 to	 finances.	 Special	 meals	 were	 always	 made	 to celebrate	special	occasions	and	today’s	meal	was	definitely	special,	which	made

Dillon	wonder	what	was	up.

“So	 what’s	 the	 special	 occasion?”	 Dillon	 finally	 asked,	 as	 he	 went	 in	 for another	helping	of	that	delicious	chicken.

“Nothing	 much,”	 replied	 Dad.	 “I	 just	 thought	 I	 would	 treat	 the	 family tonight.”

“Riiiiight	…	”	replied	Jordan,	Dillon’s	older	brother,	in	a	skeptical	tone.

Dad	 smiled	 back.	 “Oh	 …	 and	 I	 just	 wanted	 everyone	 to	 know	 that	 we	 just might	be	going	on	a	family	vacation	this	year	after	all.”

Dillon’s	jaw	dropped	to	the	floor!

“How	is	that	possible?”	asked	Claire.

“Well,	it	turns	out	that	I	won	some	tickets	to	Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort

—the	 same	 place	 Aunt	 Clarissa,	 Uncle	 Gerald,	 and	 their	 kids	 went	 a	 couple years	 ago—from	 filling	 out	 an	 on-line	 survey	 for	 a	 stats-gathering	 agency.	 I don’t	 remember	 doing	 the	 survey,	 but	 it	 was	 probably	 done	 a	 while	 ago.

Everything's	been	verified	so	I	know	it’s	not	a	scam,”	Dad	explained.

“That’s	 great!	 Jordan	 exclaimed.	 “Uncle	 Gerald	 said	 that	 the	 place	 was awesome	for	hiking,	biking,	canoeing,	and	all	sorts	of	other	outdoor	activities.”

“Don’t	forget	about	the	girls,”	Gwen	said	in	a	sly	tone.

Jordan’s	face	turned	red.	“Oh,	shut	up!”	he	snapped	back.

“Jordan!	Don’t	use	that	language!”	Mom	interjected.

Jordan	 slumped	 back	 in	 his	 chair,	 clearly	 not	 happy	 about	 his	 little	 sister’s observation	while	Claire	and	Gwen	chuckled	to	themselves.

“So	 when	 are	 we	 planning	 to	 go?”	 asked	 Dillon.	 “Summer	 time	 is	 just

around	the	corner.”

“Really!”	 Claire	 stated	 in	 a	 snotty	 tone.	 “We’re	 barely	 halfway	 through spring	 and	 you	 think	 Summer	 is	 ‘right	 around	 the	 corner,’”	 she	 ended	 as	 she made	the	air-quote	sign	with	her	fingers.

“What?”	 Dillon	 shrugged	 innocently.	 “To	 me	 that	 is	 ‘right	 around	 the

corner,’”	he	air-quoted	back.	In	truth,	however,	Dillon	didn’t	know	how	he	was

going	to	handle	the	wait.	He	was	one	of	the	worst	ones	in	the	family	for	having

patience	right	before	a	big	family	trip.	He	knew	he	would	have	to	find	something to	keep	his	mind	off	of	it.

Dad	 just	 shook	 his	 head	 and	 snickered	 at	 his	 children’s	 banter.	 “Well,”	 he started,	 after	 Dillon	 and	 Claire	 had	 quieted,	 “the	 tickets	 are	 really	 specific	 in regard	 to	 the	 timing.	 Fortunately,	 my	 boss	 already	 gave	 me	 those	 days	 off	 in order	for	us	to	take	the	vacation,”	Dad	explained.

“And	that	day	is	…	?”	Claire	prodded.

“It	just	happens	to	be	July	sixth	to	the	seventeenth.”

“That’s	awesome!”	Dillon	exclaimed.	“That’s	right	after	Independence	Day!

So	we	get	to	enjoy	that	weekend	with	our	friends	and	then	we’re	off	for	a	wicked family	vacation!”

Mom	 smiled	 at	 his	 exuberant	 display	 as	 she	 scooped	 a	 little	 bit	 more	 salad onto	Gwen’s	plate.	Gwen	frowned	at	Mom.

“Sorry	 guys,	 but	 I	 need	 to	 ask	 the	 obvious	 question.	 How	 are	 we	 going	 to afford	the	spending	money?”	Claire	reasoned.

Mom	and	Dad	shared	knowing	looks	and	grinned	at	one	another.

“That’s	 the	 best	 part,”	 Dad	 said.	 “The	 resort	 is	 all-inclusive	 and	 the	 tickets come	with	a	two	thousand	dollar	voucher	that	can	be	used	for	any	activities	or

merchandise	on	the	property.”

“What!”	 Jordan	 yelled,	 not	 able	 to	 contain	 his	 excitement.	 “It	 sounds	 too



good	to	be	true.”

“Always	 the	 skeptic,”	 Mom	 said,	 as	 she	 gave	 Jordan	 that	 motherly	 look which	reproved	the	kids	from	time	to	time.

“Well	I	think	it’s	awesome!”	Gwen	responded	with	a	massive	grin.

“It	is	awesome,”	Dad	replied.	“And	much	needed	for	our	family.”

With	that,	the	Hunt	family	continued	to	chatter	away	about	the	prospects	for

fun	and	relaxation	that	this	vacation	was	going	to	bring	for	their	family.

Dillon’s	 mind	 was	 transported	 far	 away	 as	 he	 began	 to	 imagine	 the	 great adventures	he	was	about	to	have	at	the	Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort.	It	was

going	to	be	a	time	to	remember.	More	so	than	he	even	realized.

DILLON	 LOOKED	 AT	 THE	 WATCH.	 HE	 HELD	 IT	 OPEN	 IN	 HIS	 HAND.	 EVERYTHING

around	him	was	dark.	The	only	thing	he	could	see	was	the	watch.	It	had	a	single

hand	attached	to	it	which	was	spinning	clockwise.	It	spun	and	spun	and	spun—

faster	and	faster	and	faster.	He	began	to	get	mesmerized	by	the	spinning	action

when	suddenly	he	was	ripped	from	his	daze	by	a	loud	hiss.

He	 whipped	 around	 and	 lurched	 backwards	 as	 a	 large	 snake	 head	 lunged

toward	him,	fangs	bared.	He	stumbled	and	threw	his	hands	up	as	the	thing	came

in.

Dillon	 opened	 his	 eyes,	 gasping	 for	 breath!	 He	 looked	 at	 the	 ceiling	 of	 his bedroom	and	saw	the	lights	from	the	street	dancing	there	that	reflected	through

the	prism	that	hung	by	his	window.

He	sat	up,	turned	on	the	night	light	that	was	on	his	night	stand,	and	grabbed

the	 watch	 that	 sat	 there.	 He	 opened	 it	 up	 and	 noted	 that	 there	 still	 weren’t	 any hands	attached	to	it.

“That	 was	 weird,”	 Dillon	 commented	 to	 himself	 as	 he	 closed	 up	 the	 watch and	 laid	 back	 down.	 The	 dream	 seemed	 so	 real	 to	 him.	 He	 had	 real-seeming dreams	before,	but	for	some	reason	he	felt	that	this	was	different.	He	just	didn’t know	why.

He	 turned	 the	 light	 off,	 laid	 down	 again,	 and	 closed	 his	 eyes;	 hoping	 this

time	that	he	would	have	more	pleasant	dreams.





5

J O H N 	 T A Y L O R 	 S E B A S T I A N

Dillon	flew	down	the	track,	dust	being	kicked	up	by	the	bikes	in	front

of	him.	He	drifted	around	the	corner	and	noticed	that	he	was	catching

up	 with	 the	 leaders.	 This	 was	 the	 last	 bike	 race	 of	 the	 year,	 and	 he promised	himself	that	he	would	finish	in	the	top	three.	Even	though	his	parents

couldn’t	afford	the	nicer	bikes	that	most	of	the	others	used,	he	was	still	able	to keep	pace	with	them	through	his	shear	determination	and	skill.

BMX	 racing	 had	 been	 a	 big	 part	 of	 his	 life	 for	 the	 last	 four	 years,	 and	 he loved	it.	He	loved	the	adrenalin,	the	speed,	and	the	air	he	was	able	to	get	when going	over	the	jumps.

He	could	hear	his	Mom	screaming	for	him	to	go	as	he	soared	through	the	air.

He	landed	and	pumped	his	legs	furiously,	desperately	trying	to	overtake	the	biker who	was	in	third	position.	They	were	so	close	together.	Dillon	could	feel	his	legs burning	with	every	thrust	down	on	the	pedals.

He	 and	 the	 other	 biker	 raced	 around	 the	 last	 corner	 leading	 to	 the	 home stretch.	They	could	see	the	bikers	who	were	in	first	and	second	place;	they	were only	a	few	feet	ahead	of	them	and	there	were	only	two	more	jumps	and	a	short

straight	until	the	end.

They	came	over	the	first	jump	and	Dillon	managed	to	land	in	third	place	and

was	within	striking	distance	of	second,	maybe	even	first.	He	pumped	harder	and

harder.	They	went	up	the	last	jump.	Dillon	could	see	the	finish	line.	All	four	of them	were	so	close	as	they	soared	through	the	air;	they	could	almost	touch	each



other	if	they	just	reached	out.	When	he	came	down	his	landing	was	off.	He	hit

the	track	hard	and	his	front	tire	lost	its	traction	and	slid	out	from	under	him.	As the	 others	 sped	 toward	 the	 finish	 line	 Dillon	 was	 thrown	 from	 his	 bike	 and slammed	hard	onto	the	dirt	track.	The	momentum	carried	him	for	a	few	feet	as

he	rolled	and	slid	to	a	halt.	There	was	a	collective	sound	of	shock	that	came	from the	crowd	as	he	hit	the	ground.	He	could	hear	his	Mom	shriek.

He	coughed	and	wheezed	as	he	tried	to	get	some	air	back	into	his	lungs.	As

he	got	to	his	knees	he	saw	other	bikers	landing	the	jump	and	whipping	past	him.

A	few	of	them	landed	so	close	that	he	thought	they	were	going	to	crash	into	him, but	luckily	that	didn’t	happen.

After	 what	 seemed	 a	 long	 moment	 he	 climbed	 to	 his	 feet	 and	 the	 crowd erupted	into	cheers.	He	could	see	the	medical	staff	running	toward	him	but	tried to	wave	them	off.	He	knew	they	weren’t	going	to	stop	so,	before	they	could	get

to	 him,	 he	 picked	 up	 his	 bike,	 mounted	 it,	 and	 road	 to	 the	 line.	 As	 he	 crossed over	and	finished	the	race	he	didn’t	feel	so	bad	anymore	about	coming	in	dead

last.

THE	WEEK	AND	A	HALF	AFTER	THE	END	OF	SCHOOL	WAS	PRETTY	UNEVENTFUL.	HE

hung	out	with	Sarah	a	few	times	and	their	other	friend	on	the	street,	Evan.	They had	 some	 pretty	 decent	 times	 together,	 but	 what	 all	 of	 them	 were	 really interested	 in	 was	 the	 trip	 his	 family	 was	 taking	 to	 Dust	 Valley	 Desert	 Oasis Resort.

“Look	here!”	Sarah	exclaimed,	as	she	pointed	to	the	computer	screen.

Dillon,	 their	 friend	 Evan,	 and	 her	 were	 all	 hunched	 over	 the	 table	 staring intently	 at	 the	 screen.	 They	 had	 decided	 that	 it	 would	 be	 cool	 to	 do	 some research	on	Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort	since	it	wasn’t	a	really	well	known

attraction	yet.	Unfortunately,	it	was	too	expensive	for	the	family	budget	to	have ever	allowed	them	to	go;	that	is,	until	Dad	won	the	trip.

“It	looks	like	this	is	an	awesome	place	for	trail	riding,	swimming,	and	they

have	a	ton	of	other	cool	activities,”	said	Sarah,	trying	to	keep	her	voice	down	as

she	certainly	didn’t	want	to	call	down	the	wrath	of	the	librarian	upon	them.

“Ya,	that	is	cool,”	replied	Dillon.	“I	also	found,	on	the	site	that	I	was	looking at	earlier,	that	the	resort	is	in	the	middle	of	the	desert,	but	where	it	is,	is	nestled by	a	lush	lake	with	palm	trees,	lots	of	green	grass,	and	all	sorts	of	vegetation.	No one	knows	how	this	is	possible,	but	there	are	many	theories	behind	the	mystery.”

Sarah	 glanced	 at	 her	 friend	 with	 interest,	 silently	 prodding	 him	 to	 go	 on.

Evan	perked	up	as	well	as	soon	as	Dillon	mentioned	“mysteries.”

“Well,”	Dillon	started	after	clearing	his	throat.	“Some	believe	that	there	was

a	magic	spell	put	on	the	place	by	some	sort	of	creature	that	helped	a	lost	Indian tribe:	 the	 Tokala	 tribe.	 They	 say	 that	 the	 tribe	 was	 forced	 into	 the	 desert	 by	 a band	 of	 US	 soldiers	 back	 in	 the	 1800’s.	 The	 survivors	 narrowly	 escaped	 being killed	 and	 found	 this	 valley.	 They	 were	 all	 but	 about	 to	 die	 of	 thirst	 when suddenly	 they	 saw	 a	 being	 show	 up	 whose	 robes	 were	 so	 white	 that	 they appeared	to	glow.	Whatever	it	was	shook	the	earth	and	water	began	to	come	up

from	 below.	 Soon	 after,	 vegetation	 began	 to	 grow	 and	 the	 place	 revitalized.

Apparently	 many	 geologists	 have	 searched	 around	 for	 an	 entrance	 to	 an

underground	spring,	but	no	one	has	found	it	except	maybe	one.”

Dillon	 paused	 in	 his	 story	 telling	 for	 effect	 until	 Sarah	 finally	 burst	 out,

“Who!”

He	 smiled	 before	 beginning	 his	 tale	 again.	 “I	 say	 maybe	 because	 there, apparently,	was	a	famed	and	wealthy	archeologist	named	John	Taylor	Sebastian

who,	in	2016	thoroughly	explored	the	grounds.	When	he	was	about	to	give	up	it

was	reported	that	he	disappeared,	but	no	one	saw	him	leave	the	area.”

Sarah	gasped.	Evan’s	mouth	hung	open.

“That’s	way	more	interesting	than	the	site	I	found,”	she	replied.

“Ya,	 the	 news	 report	 I	 found	 said	 that	 his	 car	 and	 all	 the	 belongings	 were discovered	at	the	place	he	was	renting,”	he	continued.	“There	was	a	cryptic	note stating	 that	 he	 had	 found	 something	 significant,	 but	 there	 were	 no	 details	 as	 to where	 he	 was	 going.	 His	 field	 pack	 with	 his	 equipment	 was	 also	 missing.

Presumably,	he	took	it	with	him	to	wherever	he	was	going.”

“What	did	the	note	say	exactly?”	Sarah	asked.

“I	 don’t	 know,	 as	 there	 was	 no	 information	 about	 it	 from	 the	 sources	 I

checked	 because	 no	 one	 knows	 where	 the	 note	 went.	 Some	 even	 doubt	 if	 it actually	really	existed.”

The	 three	 of	 them	 sat	 in	 silence	 for	 a	 moment,	 trying	 to	 digest	 the	 creepy story.

Finally	Evan	asked,	“So	if	John	Taylor	Sebastian	actually	found	the	entrance

to	the	source	of	whatever	is	causing	the	Oasis	to	thrive,	then	that	means	he	most likely	died	on	his	quest?”

All	Dillon	could	do	was	nod	slightly	at	Evan’s	logic.

“Cool!”	 Evan	 exclaimed	 in	 amazement.	 Sarah	 punched	 him	 in	 the	 arm	 and scowled.

Dillon	laughed.	“I	think	the	whole	tale	about	the	tribe	fleeing	for	their	lives, and	 the	 mysterious	 supernatural	 event	 that	 saved	 them	 was	 probably	 just	 made up.	I	checked	other	sources	which	suspect	that	the	Oasis	is	only	about	five	years old	 or	 so.	 At	 least	 that’s	 when	 the	 resort	 opened.	 The	 story	 was	 probably fabricated	in	order	to	bring	more	visitors.	It’s	pretty	good	marketing	if	you	ask me.

“Then	what	about	John	Taylor	Sebastian?”	Evan	asked.	“Is	that	true?”

Dillon	 looked	 at	 them	 both,	 suddenly	 serious	 again.	 “Actually,	 that	 part	 is true.	 And	 the	 part	 about	 the	 other	 scientists	 trying	 to	 find	 the	 source	 of	 what gives	 the	 Oasis	 life	 is	 true	 too.	 There	 has	 been	 no	 record	 of	 this	 place	 existing until	 about	 five	 years	 ago	 as	 I	 said.	 This	 naturally	 piqued	 the	 curiosity	 of	 the scientific	community	who	have	had	limited	excursions,	but	nothing	significant,

as	I	said,	has	been	found.”

“What	do	you	mean	by	 limited?”	Evan	asked	as	he	was	really	getting	drawn into	the	story	now.

“Well	the	place	 is	actually	private	 property,”	Dillon	replied.	 “It’s	owned	by the	Tokala	Indian	tribe—the	same	tribe	from	the	story—who	has	allowed	access

to	 the	 premises	 to	 certain	 researchers,	 but	 they	 have	 not	 given	 complete permission	 to	 do	 what	 they	 want.	 The	 band	 also	 claims	 not	 to	 know	 how	 the Oasis	 began,	 which	 is	 why	 they	 let	 scientists	 come	 and	 investigate.	 They	 are probably	interested	in	finding	out	why	the	Oasis	is	thriving	so	well.”

“That	makes	sense,”	Sarah	interjected.	“They	do	have	a	business	to	run	after

all.	 And,	 even	 though	 they	 are	 probably	 curious,	 too	 much	 snooping	 around might	disrupt	things	for	them.”

She	 looked	 at	 Dillon	 right	 in	 the	 eyes.	 “You	 have	 to	 promise	 me	 that	 you won’t	 do	 anything	 stupid	 like	 going	 to	 look	 for	 this	 entrance,”	 Sarah	 stated sternly.

Dillon	laughed	again.	“If	most	people—scientists—spend	months	or	a	couple

of	years	trying	to	find	this	secret	source,	then	how	do	you	think	I’ll	find	it	in	two weeks?”

“I	 don’t	 know,”	 Sarah	 responded	 as	 she	 sat	 back	 trying	 to	 digest	 the	 story.

“But	you	tend	to	find	things	that	others	don’t.	It’s	actually	kind	of	creepy.”

Dillon	 smiled,	 trying	 to	 reassure	 her	 without	 actually	 saying	 anything

because,	 truth	 be	 told,	 he	 does	 end	 up	 stumbling	 upon	 things	 that	 others	 don’t.

It’s	really	not	his	fault	he	thought	to	himself.

Despite	what	the	origin	of	the	Oasis	was,	the	one	fact	remained:	no	one	has

ever	 found	 out	 when	 and	 where	 it	 came	 from.	 No	 one	 except	 maybe	 this	 John guy,	and	he’s	been	missing	for	a	while	now.





6

T H E 	 A R R O W H E A D

Dillon’s	hand	reached	toward	the	symbol	that	was	etched	into	the	cold

stone	wall.	His	fingers	quivered	slightly	as	he	rubbed	them	across	the

carving.	There	was	writing	surrounding	the	image	on	the	wall,	but	he

couldn’t	 make	 out	 the	 language.	 The	 image	 was	 a	 pentagram	 boxed	 in	 by	 a square,	and	in	the	center	of	the	pentagram	was	what	appeared	to	be	an	eye.

Dillon	felt	a	chill	as	a	blast	of	wind	came	down	the	tunnel,	causing	the	flame

on	his	torch	to	waver	a	little.	He	would	have	used	the	light	on	his	phone,	but	the battery	 died	 out	 a	 few	 minutes	 earlier,	 which	 was	 weird	 given	 the	 fact	 that	 it should	have	lasted	longer	than	that	as	he	had	a	fresh	charge.

He	felt	a	slight	tug	on	the	arm	of	his	shirt.	When	he	glanced	over	he	saw	his

sister,	Gwen,	standing	beside	him;	her	eyes	showing	that	she	was	distressed.	“I

want	to	get	out	of	here,”	she	said	to	him	in	a	soft	tone,	a	tear	trickling	down	her cheek.

“We	will	Gwen,”	Dillon	replied.	Truthfully,	however,	he	wasn’t	sure	how	he

would	 be	 able	 to	 get	 them	 out.	 But	 he	 couldn't	 let	 his	 sister	 know	 his	 doubts.

Whatever	 it	 took,	 he	 knew	 he	 would	 have	 to	 do	 what	 he	 could	 to	 keep	 them alive.

As	they	stood	there	looking	at	the	carving	on	the	wall,	trying	to	make	sense

of	 it,	 they	 both	 heard	 the	 sound	 of	 something	 coming	 from	 down	 the	 tunnel.

They	 jerked	 their	 heads	 around,	 Dillon	 waved	 the	 torch	 in	 front	 of	 him	 so	 he could	 get	 as	 much	 light	 as	 he	 could.	 From	 the	 shadows	 he	 saw	 movement

coming	 toward	 them.	 Gwen	 tightened	 her	 grip	 on	 her	 brother’s	 arm.	 Dillon reflexively	 went	 for	 a	 weapon,	 but	 quickly	 realized	 that	 the	 only	 thing	 he	 had that	would	help	was	the	torch.

Suddenly	 something	 jumped	 from	 the	 shadows.	 It	 hurled	 its	 bulbous	 body toward	 them.	 Gwen	 shrieked.	 Dillon	 pushed	 his	 sister	 aside	 and	 the	 creature sailed	between	them.	Dillon	slammed	into	the	side	of	the	tunnel	opposite	Gwen.

He	looked	to	where	the	creature	had	landed	and,	as	the	light	of	the	torch	touched the	 area,	 he	 noticed	 a	 large	 spider-like	 thing	 quickly	 spinning	 around.	 It	 was about	the	size	of	a	soccer	ball,	had	grotesque	pincers	protruding	out	of	its	maw, and	 a	 large	 hairy	 bulbous	 body.	 It	 had	 two	 massive	 lidless	 eyes	 and	 made	 a strange	 clicking	 sound	 as	 it	 moved	 its	 head	 side-to-side.	 It	 flinched	 and	 shied away	from	Dillon	as	though	its	eyes	were	incredibly	sensitive	to	the	light.

Gwen	yelped	again	as	she	saw	the	creature	in	the	full	brightness	of	the	torch.

Immediately,	 despite	 the	 torchlight,	 it	 seemed	 to	 hone	 in	 on	 her	 and	 pounced.

Dillon	 launched	 forward	 and	 swatted	 it	 out	 of	 the	 air	 with	 the	 torch.	 It	 made	 a screech	as	it	hit	the	wall	hard	and	slumped	to	the	ground.	Its	many	legs	flailed wildly	 as	 it	 tried	 to	 right	 itself.	 Gwen	 leaped	 away	 as	 Dillon	 went	 in	 and	 hit	 it again	and	again	and	again	until	it	stopped	moving.

“Wha	…	What	is	that?”	Gwen	asked,	wiping	away	tears	from	her	eyes.

“I	don’t	know,”	replied	Dillon	as	he	poked	at	it	with	his	foot.	“But	let’s	not

wait	around	to	find	out.”	With	that,	he	grabbed	Gwen	by	the	arm	and	started	off

down	the	tunnel	the	opposite	way	the	creature	had	come.	As	soon	as	they	started

off,	 they	 could	 hear	 more	 movement	 coming	 toward	 them,	 lots	 of	 movement.

And	 that	 clicking!	 Gwen	 tried	 hard	 to	 suppress	 her	 fear	 but	 couldn’t.	 “There’s more	coming!”	she	screamed.

Dillon	 pulled	 his	 sister	 down	 the	 passage	 as	 fast	 as	 he	 could.	 The	 sound	 of the	monster’s	many	legs	was	getting	louder	as	the	creatures	were	closing	in,	and the	clicking	they	made	was	terrifying.	As	Dillon	and	Gwen	ran	they	could	hear

the	 sound	 of	 running	 water	 coming	 from	 up	 ahead.	 The	 tunnel	 dipped	 and turned,	 obviously	 not	 being	 man	 made,	 but	 rather	 formed	 by	 some	 natural process	 from	 long	 ago.	 The	 sound	 of	 the	 water	 was	 getting	 louder,	 almost drowning	out	the	sound	of	the	creature’s	advance.	They	rounded	another	corner



and	 the	 tunnel	 opened	 into	 a	 large	 cavern.	 They	 found	 themselves	 on	 a	 wide ledge	that	was	about	ten	feet	long	and	ended	in	a	shear	drop	into	darkness.	The

cavern	was	dimly	lit;	its	walls	sparkling	as	though	the	two	were	looking	at	the

night	sky	except	that	the	sky	was	all	around	them.

Dillon	didn’t	have	time	to	enjoy	the	scenery,	however,	as	the	bulbous	beasts

came	charging	around	the	corner.	Dillon	and	Gwen	backed	toward	the	ledge	as

Dillon	held	his	torch	as	high	as	he	could	out	in	front	of	him	as	far	as	he	could, trying	to	illuminate	as	much	area	as	possible.	The	first	creatures	who	came	out

of	 the	 tunnel	 immediately	 flinched	 and	 slowed	 as	 the	 light	 hit	 their	 eyes.	 They still	seemed	interested	in	the	pursuit,	but	moved	cautiously	as	the	brightness	of the	torch	stung	their	eyes.

One	of	the	creatures	leaped	at	them,	but	Dillon	was	quick	to	knock	it	out	of

the	 way	 with	 the	 torch.	 Sparks	 flew	 as	 he	 made	 contact	 with	 it	 and	 it	 issued	 a horrifying	shriek	as	it	tumbled	from	the	ledge	and	into	the	dark	below.

Gwen	 wept	 as	 the	 others,	 about	 ten	 in	 number	 now,	 slowly	 approached,

pincers	snapping.	“Get	away	from	us!”	Gwen	shouted,	picking	up	a	nearby	rock

and	 tossing	 it	 at	 the	 nearest	 monster.	 She	 hit	 it	 in	 the	 eye	 and	 it	 shrieked	 as	 it backed	a	little.

“What	are	we	gonna	do	Dillon?”	asked	an	agitated	Gwen.

“There’s	only	one	thing	we	can	do	Gwen,”	replied	Dillon	in	as	even	a	tone	as

he	 could	 muster.	 He	 looked	 down	 at	 his	 sister,	 picked	 her	 up	 in	 his	 arms,	 and leaped	from	the	ledge.

“DILLON!	DILLON!”	GWEN	NUDGED	HER	BROTHER.

Dillon	moved	his	head	slightly,	his	eyes	fluttering	open.	Staring	at	him	were

the	bright	eyes	and	beaming	smile	of	his	little	sister.	He	looked	around	groggily and	realized	he	was	in	the	back	of	the	Hunt	family	van	as	they	were	travelling	to Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort.

“Wow,	that	was	a	crazy	dream,”	he	whispered	to	himself.

“It	 must	 have	 been!”	 Gwen	 exclaimed.	 “You	 were	 moving	 around	 pretty

good.	And	mumbling	stuff.”

“Oh	yeah	…	like	what?”	Dillon	asked,	a	look	of	curiosity	splayed	across	his

face.

“I	don’t	know	exactly,”	Gwen	stated.	“It	was	kinda	hard	to	make	out.	I	think

it	 had	 something	 to	 do	 with	 spiders.	 I	 thought	 you	 were	 going	 to	 wake	 up screaming	actually.”

Dillon	 looked	 at	 her	 seriously	 for	 a	 moment	 and	 then	 smiled;	 his	 usual disarming	smile.	“Well	it’s	a	good	thing	that	didn’t	happen.”

Gwen	giggled.

The	car	trip	to	Dust	Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort	was	about	eight	hours	from

home	 and,	 as	 far	 as	 car	 trips	 went,	 it	 was	 pretty	 standard	 for	 the	 Hunt	 family, except	for	Dillon’s	dream.	His	imagination	was	always	exceptionally	active,	but

when	he	went	to	bed	he	didn’t	normally	have	such	intense	dreams.	He	thought

that	 maybe	 it	 was	 all	 the	 excitement	 and	 anticipation	 waiting	 for	 the	 family vacation.

Jordan,	as	always,	had	his	face	stuck	in	a	game	of	some	sort;	whether	it	was

DS,	phone,	tablet,	or	the	like.	The	only	sounds	you	would	get	out	of	him	were

the	 sounds	 of	 victory	 (“Yeah!!!!	 I	 told	 you,	 you	 were	 going	 down!),	 or	 defeat (“Ahhhhh!	 …	 What	 the	 …	 !	 …	 Oh	 come	 on!).	 After	 Dillon	 woke	 up	 Gwen would	notice	him	marking	down	something	in	his	book	every	time	Jordan	made

one	of	his	outbursts.

“What	are	you	doing?”	she	leaned	over	and	whispered.

“It’s	a	social	 experiment,”	he	replied.	 “I’m	marking	down	 how	many	 times

he	loses	verses	how	many	times	he	wins.”

She	smiled	and	nodded.	“How’s	he	doing?”

“Not	very	good	I’m	afraid.”

Gwen	giggled	and	then	went	back	to	playing	one	of	her	games	on	her	tablet.

Claire	had	her	face	securely	planted	in	her	phone,	making	sure	she	was	able

to	keep	up	on	the	latest	drama	with	her	friends.	After	all,	she	was	fourteen	and,	it was	rumoured,	that	the	world	would	stop	spinning	if	she	missed	something	that

happened	 on	 social	 media!	 Once	 in	 a	 while	 she	 would	 grimace	 and	 complain when	 the	 van	 hit	 a	 dead	 spot	 in	 the	 cell	 service,	 and	 then	 resumed	 again	 when

the	service	came	back.

Dillon,	 however,	 continued	 to	 read	 the	 information	 he	 had	 found	 on	 Dust Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort.	As	the	van	continued	to	roll	along	down	the	highway

on	 their	 lengthy	 trip,	 Dillon	 noticed	 a	 distinctive	 change	 in	 the	 scenery	 which caught	his	attention.	 The	landscape	went	 from	lush	green	 forests	and	mountain scenes,	to	flat	arid	land.	He	started	to	notice	areas	with	large	plateaus	high	in	the sky,	 shrub	 brush,	 even	 small	 canyons.	 He	 saw	 a	 variety	 of	 different	 wildlife: antelope,	 large	 birds	 of	 prey,	 and	 even	 a	 few	 wild	 horses.	 The	 sky	 was	 vast, strikingly	 blue,	 and	 lit	 up	 with	 bright	 sunshine.	 As	 they	 drove	 further	 to	 their goal	the	ground	turned	to	a	baked	reddish-yellowish	color.

A	 couple	 of	 hours	 after	 their	 last	 rest	 break	 the	 van	 began	 to	 slow	 again	 as Dad	decided	that	it	was	prudent	to	make	another	quick	stop	for	a	restroom	break

at	 one	 of	 the	 Exxon	 stations.	 Apparently	 he	 also	 needed	 more	 coffee	 in	 his system	as	well.	Mom,	as	always,	reiterated	about	ten	times	the	need	for	all	of	the kids	to	go	to	the	restroom	as	there	may	not	be	another	stop	for	a	while.	As	per

usual,	Jordan	complained	that	he	had	to	get	off	of	his	gaming	system.

“You	know,	Jordan,”	Dad	said,	“there	is	a	pause	button	on	your	system	for	a

reason.”	Jordan	mumbled	something	incoherent	and	put	his	game	down.

As	 Dillon	 jumped	 out	 of	 the	 car	 the	 heat	 hit	 him!	 It	 felt	 like	 he	 had	 just opened	 the	 oven	 to	 check	 on	 the	 chocolate	 chip	 cookies! Man,	 he	 thought	 to himself, I	didn’t	realize	it	was	going	to	be	this	hot!

The	 restroom	 was	 one	 of	 those	 outdoor	 ones	 where	 you	 had	 to	 get	 the	 key from	the	attendant	inside	the	station.	As	per	usual	Jordan	managed	to	get	the	key before	Dillon	could	and	occupied	the	restroom	first.	As	Dillon	waited	outside	he noted	 the	 nice	 scenery	 of	 trees	 and	 brush	 that	 was	 around	 the	 gas	 station.	 The station	was	nestled	up	beside	a	hill	that	was	filled	with	the	hardy	desert	shrubs.

The	wind	blew	slightly,	but	there	was	no	way	it	was	going	to	lessen	the	heat.	In fact,	the	wind	made	it	seem	hotter!	Not	refreshing	at	all.

As	Dillon	was	waiting	for	Jordon	to	finish	he	saw	something	move	out	of	the

corner	of	his	eye.	He	turned	to	see	a	small	prairie	dog	standing	on	the	pavement just	outside	the	tree-line	looking	at	him.	Dillon	smiled.	“Here	boy,”	he	said	as	he stooped	down,	trying	not	to	appear	intimidating.	The	prairie	dog	looked	around	a



bit,	 came	 toward	 him	 a	 few	 feet	 and	 then	 darted	 back	 into	 the	 forest	 when	 the restroom	door	swung	open.

Jordan	looked	down	at	his	brother.	“What	are	you	doing?”	he	asked.

Dillon	stood.	“Nothing,”	he	replied.	“Just	trying	to	make	a	friend.”

Jordan	laughed.	“It’s	all	yours,”	he	said	motioning	to	the	restroom.	“I’ll	see

you	back	at	the	car	bro.”

Dillon	nodded.	When	he	came	out	a	couple	of	minutes	later	he	glanced	over

to	where	the	prairie	dog	was,	just	to	see	if	his	little	friend	was	there.	It	was	gone, but	 a	 small	 glint	 caught	 his	 eye.	 He	 walked	 over	 and,	 on	 the	 ground	 roughly where	the	squirrel	had	been,	was	a	small	steel	arrow	head.	It	was	plain	looking

except	that	the	middle	portion	of	it,	on	one	side,	had	three	bumps	formed	there, almost	 like	 nubs,	 and	 there	 was	 a	 tiny	 hole	 in	 the	 middle	 that	 was	 barely noticeable.	The	nub	nearest	the	point	was	positioned	almost	in	the	middle	of	the head,	the	next	one	was	in	the	middle	off	to	one	side,	and	the	one	positioned	near the	end	of	the	head	was	off	to	the	other	side.

“Come	on	Dillon,”	he	heard	his	Dad	holler.

The	call	was	enough	to	pull	him	from	his	thoughts.	He	quickly	scooped	up

the	arrow	head	and	rushed	back	to	the	van.

As	soon	as	Dillon	was	buckled	in	he	started	examining	his	find.	Aside	from

the	 other	 features	 he	 already	 noted	 when	 he	 first	 looked	 at	 the	 item,	 he	 also noticed	that	there	was	a	small	hole	drilled	through	the	middle	of	it. That’s	weird, he	thought	to	himself.

“Whatcha	 got	 there?”	 Gwen	 asked	 as	 she	 noticed	 that	 Dillon	 was	 handling something.

“Oh	nothing,”	Dillon	responded.	“Just	something	I	found	at	the	gas	station.”

He	said	it	like	it	was	no	big	deal,	but	deep	down	inside	he	had	that	same	strange feeling	 that	 he	 had	 with	 the	 watch.	 He	 felt	 this	 arrowhead	 was	 important somehow,	 but	 he	 didn’t	 know	 why.	 This	 feeling	 was	 irrational	 but	 he	 knew	 it was	somehow	right.	It	was	actually	starting	to	frighten	him.

DEREK	WATCHED	THE	YOUNG	BOY	RUN	TO	THE	VAN	AS	HE	CONTINUED	TO	FUEL	UP

his	car.	He	noted	how	Dillon	had	come	out	of	the	restroom	and	then	observed,

with	surprise,	as	something	caught	the	boys	attention. He	found	the	arrow	head	I just	placed	there! he	thought	to	himself.	He	was	amazed	at	the	power	of	Dillon’s apparent	observational	skills.	It	was	quite	impressive.	There	had	to	be	some	sort of	inherent	ability	to	observe	changes	in	his	surroundings	which	displayed	itself in	 finding	 things	 that	 others	 might	 miss,	 he	 reasoned	 to	 himself. Although,	 he thought, it	wouldn’t	be	the	first	time	he	had	seen	something	weird	that	couldn’t be	explained	by	any	science	that	they	knew	of.

He	finished	filling	up	his	tank,	grabbed	the	receipt	off	the	pump,	and	climbed

back	in	his	car.	Jake	was	sitting	in	the	passenger	seat	this	time.

“Do	you	think	it	wise	to	be	giving	these	items	to	the	boy?”	Derek	asked.

Jake	merely	shrugged.	“I’m	sure	we	could	get	them	back	some	way	or	other

if	we	had	to.	Besides,	we’re	running	out	of	options	and	we	need	someone	who

will	be	able	to	find	the	entrance	for	us.”

“It	is	pretty	desperate	to	leave	our	fortunes	in	the	hands	of	a	twelve	year	old

boy,”	Derek	reasoned.

“We	 are	 desperate!”	 Jake	 snapped	 back.	 After	 he	 calmed	 himself	 he	 said,

“It’s	 been	 a	 while	 since	 we	 have	 had	 any	 breaks	 in	 this	 case	 and,	 with	 the changes	in	Dillon’s	grandfather,	we	had	to	go	with	Dillon.”

“Why	not	his	Dad	or	any	of	his	other	siblings?”	asked	Derek.

Jake	shook	his	head.	“No,	we	observed	his	Dad	and	he	just	doesn’t	seem	to

have	the	gift.	His	brother	and	older	sister	are	a	lot	different	than	Dillon	and	don’t exhibit	any	of	the	traits	of	their	grandfather	either.”

“And	what	about	his	younger	sister?”	Derek	asked	with	intrigue.

Jake	 paused	 for	 a	 moment	 before	 he	 spoke,	 almost	 as	 if	 to	 collect	 his thoughts.	“Even	if	his	younger	sister	does	exhibit	the	same	kind	of	qualities	she’s too	young	to	help	us	out	with	this	particular	exhibition,”	he	said	at	length.

“And	a	twelve	year	old	boy	isn’t?”	Derek	asked	skeptically.

All	he	got	in	return	from	Jake	was	a	slight	smirk	as	he	turned	the	ignition	in

the	car	and	pulled	away	from	the	gas	station	as	they	continued	to	head	for	Dust

Valley	Desert	Oasis	Resort.





7

T H E 	 I N F O R M A T I O N 	 C E N T E R

The	Hunt	family	van	rolled	smoothly	through	the	hills	and	valleys	of

the	desolate	desert.	Cacti	were	scattered	throughout	the	landscape,	and

vultures	could	be	seen	high	up	in	the	sky	circling	the	terrain,	waiting

to	 pounce	 upon	 any	 of	 the	 small	 creatures	 they	 could	 see	 (living	 or	 dead)	 that were	sprinkled	throughout	the	arid	land.

Jordan,	Claire,	and	Gwen	were	all	sleeping	by	this	time	as	they	were	pretty

worn	 out	 by	 the	 long	 drive	 and	 the	 monotonous	 view.	 Dillon,	 however,	 stared intently	 out	 the	 window	 imagining	 some	 grand	 adventure	 where	 he	 was	 being chased	by	creatures	that	have	been	hidden	for	years	amongst	the	many	caves	and

valleys	that	made	the	rocky	desert	interesting. This	would	be	an	awesome	spot	to explore! he	thought	to	himself.

“Hey	Dad.	I	don’t	suppose	there	are	any	rest	stops	coming	up	where	we	can

get	out	at	and	take	a	look	around?”	he	asked.

“Unfortunately	not,”	Dad	replied.	“Besides,	we	are	actually	almost	there.”

Dillon	looked	out	the	window	skeptically.	“Okay,”	he	replied	dejectedly.

“Don’t	be	like	that,”	Mom	reprimanded	gently.	“There	are	going	to	be	tons

of	places	for	you	to	explore	when	we	get	to	the	resort.	It	won’t	be	long	now	…

probably	within	the	hour,”	she	stated.

About	 twenty	 minutes	 later	 Dillon	 felt	 the	 van	 slowing.	 He	 looked	 out	 the front	window	and	noticed	that	dad	seemed	to	be	pulling	over	to	an	information

center.	He	looked	at	Dillon	in	the	rear	view	mirror	and	smirked.	“Maybe	we	can

afford	a	quick	stop.”

“Awesome!”	responded	Dillon.

“But	we’re	not	exploring,”	Dad	was	quick	to	add.	“We’re	just	here	to	see	if

there’s	more	information	on	the	place	than	what	they	already	sent	to	us.”

“Sounds	 good	 to	 me,”	 Dillon	 replied,	 sitting	 up	 all	 the	 straighter	 now	 and acting	as	though	new	energy	had	been	injected	into	him.

The	other	kids	woke	up	as	soon	as	the	van	was	pulling	into	the	parking	lot.

The	 only	 one	 who	 didn’t	 seem	 interested	 in	 checking	 out	 the	 info	 center	 was Claire.	 She	 just	 seemed	 more	 interested	 in	 staying	 with	 the	 van	 and	 “chilling”

but	Dad	made	her	get	out	anyway	and	go	inside	with	them.	There	was	no	way	he

was	going	to	leave	the	van	on	in	order	to	keep	the	AC	running,	and	he	couldn’t

leave	her	in	a	vehicle	by	herself	in	this	desert	heat.

Dillon	and	Gwen	were	the	first	to	burst	through	the	doors.	As	they	did	they

were	immediately	struck	 with	the	sound	 of	multiple	chimes	 at	different	pitches going	off	in	a	musical	pattern	that	sounded	almost	harp-like.	They	both	stopped

and	 looked	 for	 the	 source.	 There,	 at	 the	 top	 of	 the	 door	 were	 hand-crafted wooden	 pipes	 which	 were	 strung	 together	 with	 thin	 pieces	 of	 cord	 weaved through	 each	 pipe	 at	 different	 intervals.	 Hanging	 from	 the	 pipes	 were	 small hammers	that	moved	and	struck	the	strings	as	the	door	swung	the	chime	freely

when	 it	 was	 opened.	 The	 pipes	 also	 had	 holes	 of	 different	 sizes	 in	 them	 which whistled	as	they	moved	and	air	passed	through	them.

“Cool!”	Dillon	and	Gwen	both	exclaimed	at	the	same	time.

The	 main	 room	 was	 circular	 with	 lots	 of	 different	 kinds	 of	 stuffed	 critters that	 were	 native	 to	 the	 area	 mounted	 on	 the	 walls	 and	 some	 standing	 on pedestals.	Gwen	was	in	awe.	She	looked	around	the	large	room	and	tried	to	take

it	 all	 in.	 As	 she	 turned	 her	 head	 she	 jumped	 back	 and	 yelped	 as	 her	 face	 was inches	 from	 a	 grizzly	 looking	 stuffed	 coyote	 that	 was	 barring	 its	 fangs.	 Dad chuckled	 and	 put	 his	 arm	 around	 her	 when	 he	 came	 through	 the	 door.	 Dillon, Jordan,	and	Mom	were	already	checking	out	the	rest	of	the	info	center.

“It’s	 okay	 honey,”	 he	 said	 reassuringly.	 “It’s	 just	 a	 stuffed	 animal,	 like	 the ones	you	have	at	home.”

Slowly	she	reached	over	and	touched	the	thing	on	the	nose.	It	felt	warm.	She

quickly	pulled	her	hand	away	and	stared	at	it	in	the	eyes.	“It’s	eyes	look	so	 real,”

Gwen	said	as	she	further	inspected	the	creature.

“Some	say	that	you	can	feel	old	Charlie	here	bore	through	your	soul	when	he

looks	at	you,”	came	a	deep	voice	from	the	side.	Dad	and	Gwen	both	looked	over

to	see	an	older	native	man,	with	long	jet	black	hair	that	was	streaked	with	silver.

His	face	was	wrinkled	and	weathered	from	years	of	living	under	the	hot	desert

sun.	 He	 wore	 tattered	 jeans,	 a	 plain	 baby	 blue	 t-shirt,	 and	 a	 worn	 leather	 vest.

His	brown	combat	boots	made	a	distinctive	clunking	sound	as	he	strolled	across

the	wooden	floor	toward	the	Hunts.

“But	 I	 personally	 think	 those	 people	 are	 crazy,”	 he	 finished	 with	 a	 slight chuckle.	“The	name’s	Tom	Tom,”	he	said	to	dad	as	he	held	out	his	hand.

Dad	took	his	hand	and	gave	him	a	firm	shake.	“I’m	Bruce	Hunt	and	this	is

my	daughter	Gwen.”

Tom	Tom	looked	down	at	the	little	girl	and	smiled.	“My	friends	call	me	Old

Tom	 Tom,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 stooped	 down	 and	 held	 out	 his	 hand	 to	 Gwen.	 She shied	away,	being	a	little	unnerved	by	the	stranger.

“Go	on	Gwen,”	Dad	prodded.	“There’s	nothing	to	be	afraid	of.”

She	hesitantly	stuck	her	hand	out	and	shook	his	lightly.

“Now	 that’s	 better,”	 he	 said,	 standing	 up	 again.	 “What	 brings	 you	 folks here?”

“We’re	just	on	our	way	to	the	resort,”	Dad	replied.	“I	imagine	that	most	of

the	people	you	see	around	here	are	on	their	way	there.”

Tom	Tom	nodded.

“Is	there	anything	I	can	get	you	in	particular?”	he	asked.

“No,”	Dad	said.	“I	think	we’re	just	looking	around.”

“Well,	 if	 you	 need	 anything	 just	 give	 me	 a	 shout,”	 Tom	 Tom	 said	 as	 he walked	back	over	to	the	counter.

Gwen,	Mom,	and	Claire	headed	over	to	the	toys	and	activity	area,	while	dad

and	 Jordan	 wandered	 around	 the	 clothing	 area.	 Dillon	 found	 himself	 drawn	 to where	they	had	the	books.	There	were	lots	of	interesting	books	on	the	local	area.

Some	 of	 the	 books	 had	 maps	 to	 places	 of	 interest,	 and	 there	 were	 brochures advertising	many	of	the	surrounding	area	activities.

As	Dillon	scanned	the	rack	one	book	in	particular	caught	his	attention.	It	was a	book	on	the	archeologist	John	Taylor	Sebastian!

“No	way!”	exclaimed	Dillon	to	himself.	He	thumbed	through	the	pages	and

read	a	sentence	here	and	there.	Then	he	flipped	the	book	over	to	read	the	back.

There	was	a	picture	of	John	Taylor	Sebastian	himself	in	the	top	corner.	He	was	a middle-aged	 man—when	 this	 picture	 was	 taken	 at	 least—with	 light	 brown

greying	hair	with	a	medium	build.	He	wore	a	distinctive	hat	that	appeared	to	be

an	Australian	oilskin	cowboy	hat.	He	 kind	 of	 resembled	 that	 archeologist	 from those	 popular	 movies	 that	 started	 in	 the	 80’s	 that	 Mom	 and	 Dad	 always	 spoke about:	 Indiana	 Jones.	 The	 rest	 of	 his	 clothes	 appeared	 to	 be	 general	 everyday wear	for	outdoor	activities:	jeans,	t-shirt,	and	hiking	boots.

The	back	of	the	book	read:

John	Taylor	Sebastian,	an	archeologist	and	philanthropist;	a	man	with	a	dream and	the	passion	to	pursue	it!	He	was	a	real	life	modern-day	adventurer	with	his love	of	ancient	mysteries	and	exciting	lore.

His	most	remembered	project	was	his	search	for	the	source	of	the	Desert	Oasis Resort’s	underground	springs	which	many	think	brought	the	area	to	life.

This	book	is	exhilarating	and	full	of	information	as	to	his	search	and	eventual failure.

To	this	day,	no	one	knows	what	exactly	happened	to	John	Taylor	Sebastian	and many	rumors	have	been	put	forth	to	explain	his	strange	and	sudden

disappearance,	but	none	of	these	have	ever	been	verified.

“IT	 LOOKS	 LIKE	 YOU	 FOUND	 A	 GREAT	 READ,”	 A	 DEEP	 VOICE	 SAID	 FROM	 BESIDE

Dillon.

Dillon	 jumped	 and	 almost	 dropped	 the	 book.	 He	 looked	 over	 to	 see	 Tom Tom	standing	beside	him.

“Man,	 for	 a	 big	 guy,	 you’re	 pretty	 stealthy,”	 Dillon	 said	 as	 he	 collected himself.

Tom	Tom	offered	a	smile.	“You	interested	in	that	stuff	kid?”	Tom	Tom	asked.

“Well	…	sort	of,”	he	responded.	“I	mean	…	I	have	a	thing	for	exploring	new

places	and	I’ve	read	a	little	bit	about	this	guy.”	He	pointed	to	the	picture	on	the back	 of	 the	 book.	 “It’s	 weird	 though,”	 he	 continued,	 “there’s	 not	 a	 lot	 of information	 of	 him	 on-line.	 I	 mean	 …	 one	 would	 think	 that	 a	 man	 with	 his reputation	would	be	more	well-known	than	he	is.”

“Ya,	 you	 would	 think	 so	 wouldn’t	 you,”	 said	 Tom	 Tom.	 “Maybe	 someone

doesn’t	want	people	to	know	about	him?”	he	asked	with	a	quizzical	look.

Dillon	glanced	at	him	questioningly.	“What	do	you	mean?”	he	asked.

“Oh	nothing.	Just	the	crazy	ramblings	of	an	old	guy,”	he	said	with	a	chuckle.

“If	you	like	that	book,	you	should	get	this	one	too.”	He	reached	onto	another	part of	the	rack	and	grabbed	a	smaller	book	with	the	title:	“Creatures	of	the	Desert.”

Dillon	took	the	book	in	his	hands	and	looked	it	over.	It	definitely	piqued	his

curiosity.	“Why	would	you	think	that	I’d	be	interested	in	this?”	he	asked	as	he

looked	up	at	Tom	Tom.

“Oh	…	I	don’t	know,”	Tom	Tom	replied.	“It	just	looks	like	the	kind	of	thing

a	 kid	 like	 you	 would	 enjoy.	 Aren’t	 there	 always	 interesting	 creatures	 in adventures?”	With	that,	he	turned	and	headed	for	the	front	counter	once	more.

Dillon	 flipped	 through	 the	 two	 books	 for	 a	 bit	 more	 and	 then	 rummaged through	the	rest	of	the	rack;	nothing	else	interested	him.	He	had	a	strange	feeling in	 his	 gut	 that	 these	 books	 would	 be	 a	 little	 more	 than	 interesting.	 He	 couldn’t explain	why	he	felt	that	way.	It	was	the	same	kind	of	sense	he	got	when	he	found the	watch	and	arrow	head.	Finally,	Dad	called	to	him	which	jolted	him	from	his

thoughts,	and	said	that	they	were	leaving.

“Just	 a	 minute	 Dad,”	 Dillon	 called	 back.	 He	 hurried	 to	 the	 counter	 and placed	the	books	in	front	of	Tom	Tom.

“Is	that	everything?”	Tom	Tom	asked.

“I	 don’t	 know,”	 Dillon	 responded.	 “You	 seem	 to	 know	 what	 I	 might	 be

interested	in.	Any	ideas?”

Tom	 Tom	 looked	 at	 Dillon	 for	 a	 moment	 then	 smiled.	 “I	 can’t	 think	 of anything	right	now,	but	we’re	only	a	few	miles	from	the	resort	if	you	realize	that you	need	something.”

“Sounds	 good	 to	 me.”	 Dillon	 laid	 his	 money	 on	 the	 counter,	 received	 his change,	and	headed	for	the	van.	As	he	turned	to	go	he	noticed	something	out	of

the	 corner	 of	 his	 eye.	 He	 thought	 he	 saw,	 what	 looked	 like,	 the	 square surrounding	 a	 pentagram,	 with	 an	 eye	 in	 the	 center	 symbol	 that	 he	 had	 seen	 in his	 dream	 earlier	 that	 day.	 When	 he	 snapped	 his	 head	 around	 to	 look	 he	 didn’t see	 anything	 that	 looked	 like	 that.	 He	 scanned	 the	 area	 for	 a	 moment,	 but nothing.	Nothing	but	that	gut	feel	again.

“Everything	okay?”	asked	Tom	Tom	in	his	deep	voice.

“Ya	…	I	just	thought	I	saw	…	”

“Saw	what?”	Tom	Tom	pressed.

Dillon	gave	himself	a	shake. The	long	drive	must	be	messing	with	my	brain.

“Oh,	nothing,”	he	replied,	turning	away	from	Tom	Tom.

“Dillon!	Come	on!”	Dad	hollered	as	he	came	back	into	the	info	center.

“Coming!”

Dillon	looked	back	and	saw	Tom	Tom	watching	them	as	they	left.	He	had	a

strange	feeling	that	he’d	be	seeing	the	old	man	again;	he	just	didn’t	know	why.





8

T H E 	 M Y S T E R I O U S 	 S Y M B O L

As	soon	as	the	Hunts	came	over	the	hill	that	led	to	the	mouth	of	the

valley	they	could	see	green	grass	for	miles	in	all	directions.	There	were

tropical	palm	trees	speckled	throughout	the	valley,	with	beds	of	grass,

lush	bushes,	and	groves	of	umbrella	trees.	There	were	lots	of	creeks	and	ponds

of	water	throughout	the	valley,	and	at	the	far	end	of	the	valley	they	could	see	the bright	blue	water	of	the	lake	shimmering	in	the	sunlight.	Right	in	the	middle	of the	 valley	 lay	 the	 resort	 with	 its	 numerous	 buildings,	 hotels,	 swimming	 pools, and	 lounge	 areas.	 The	 resort	 backed	 right	 onto	 the	 lake	 that	 Dillon	 had	 read about.	 On	 the	 outskirts	 of	 the	 resort	 village	 were	 a	 number	 of	 residential properties,	convenience	stores,	and	gas	stations.

“The	 information	 I’ve	 read	 says	 that	 there’s	 actually	 a	 small	 residential population	 here	 which	 is	 made	 up	 of	 the	 tribe	 members	 who	 own	 the	 land,”

Dillon	said	as	they	continued	down	the	highway	toward	the	main	entrance	to	the

resort.

“Apparently	 there	 are	 laws	 in	 place	 which	 prevent	 residential	 development from	 those	 outside	 the	 tribe.	 So	 most	 of	 the	 people	 who	 are	 here	 at	 any	 given time	 are	 tourists,	 or	 outside	 people	 they’ve	 brought	 in	 to	 help	 work	 at	 Desert Oasis.

“It	says	here	in	the	pamphlet	that,	before	the	resort	was	built	five	years	ago,

there	was	an	intense	struggle	for	the	rights	of	the	land	but,	in	the	end,	the	courts ruled	 in	 favor	 of	 the	 small	 band	 of	 natives	 known	 as	 the	 Takala	 tribe,”	 Dillon

explained.	 “After	 that,	 they	 petitioned	 lawmakers	 to	 enact	 laws	 around	 the restriction	of	buying	and	selling	land	in	the	resort	area.	Because	of	these	laws	the only	full-time	residents	of	the	area	were	descendants	of	the	original	Takala	tribe.

They	were	the	ones	who	built,	own,	and	run	the	resort.”

“That’s	 really	 interesting,”	 said	 a	 sarcastic	 Jordan.	 “Lame!	 As	 if	 we	 were interested	in	that!”	he	exclaimed.

“Not	everyone	in	life	focuses	on	video	games	and	girls,”	Claire	put	in,	which

earned	 her	 a	 “death	 look”	 from	 her	 brother.	 Dillon	 looked	 at	 her	 in	 surprise.	 It wasn’t	 usually	 like	 Claire	 to	 stick	 up	 for	 him	 when	 Jordan	 was	 giving	 him	 the gears.	 She	 just	 smiled	 back	 as	 if	 to	 say	 she	 was	 only	 doing	 it	 because	 of	 the opportunity	it	gave	her	to	bug	her	older	brother.

“Well	I	find	it	interesting,”	replied	Mom,	the	eternal	encourager.

Jordan	 rolled	 his	 eyes.	 “You	 think	 everything	 we	 say	 is	 ‘interesting,’”	 he muttered.

“What	was	that,	Jordan?”	his	Dad	asked,	a	warning	look	in	his	eyes.

“Nothing,	Dad,”	Jordan	said,	slinking	lower	in	his	seat.”

The	van	rolled	up	to	the	front	gate	where	they	were	greeted	by	an	attendant

wearing	 a	 really	 flashy	 Hawaiian	 shirt,	 kakis	 shorts,	 and	 flip	 flop	 sandals.	 He was	 a	 younger	 native	 man,	 appearing	 to	 be	 in	 his	 early	 twenties,	 with	 medium length	jet	black	hair,	and	an	infectious	smile.

“Welcome!”	 he	 said	 enthusiastically.	 “I’m	 Troy.	 The	 gate	 keeper.”	 He	 said that	 last	 bit	 about	 being	 the	 gate	 keeper	 in	 a	 lower	 voice,	 trying	 to	 sound dramatic,	then	smiled.

Dad	 was	 taken	 back	 a	 little	 bit	 by	 his	 enthusiasm.	 “Well,	 Troy	 the	 gate keeper.	 I’m	 Bruce	 Hunt	 and	 we	 have	 a	 reservation.”	 Dad	 handed	 him	 the reservation	papers.

“Excellent!”	 Troy	 exclaimed.	 “You	 guy’s	 are	 going	 to	 have	 an	 awesome

time.	He	looked	further	into	the	Van	as	he	scanned	the	papers.

“Let	me	guess	…	You	are	obviously	the	lovely	Lilly	Hunt,”	he	said	looking

to	Mom	who	smiled	back.	“And	you,	my	man	must	be	Dillon.	And	beside	you

has	got	to	be	your	sister	Gwen.”	Gwen	giggled.	Looking	way	in	the	back	of	the

van	 he	 noted	 the	 last	 of	 the	 Hunt	 kids.	 “Ah	 ha!	 You	 must	 be	 Claire.”	 Claire

blushed.	 “And	 the	 eldest	 Hunt	 kid,”	 he	 said	 in	 a	 sophisticated,	 terrible	 British accent,	“Jordan.”	Jordan	nodded,	not	sure	what	to	make	of	this	weird	guy.

“Wow!	Gwen	explained.	“How	did	you	know	who	we	are?”

Troy	 smiled	 “It’s	 as	 I	 said.	 I’m	 the	 gate	 keeper, “	 he	 said	 again	 in	 his	 low voice.	“And	…	this	reservation	has	your	names	and	ages	on	it.”

Dad	laughed.	“Thanks	Troy.”

“No	problem.	Now,	if	you	just	follow	this	road	here	down	to	the	end	you	will

come	smack	dab	into	the	resort	hotel.	From	there	they	will	be	able	to	give	you

any	of	the	information	you	require.	I	hope	you	guys	have	a	fantabulous	time!”

As	the	van	pulled	away	Troy	yelled	after	them,	“See	ya	soon	Hunt	family!”

“Well,	he	was	certainly	an	enthusiastic	guy,”	Mom	noted.

“Enthusiastic?	That’s	an	understatement!”	Jordan	replied.

“I	thought	he	was	awesome!”	Gwen	put	in.

Dillon	 looked	 back	 out	 the	 window	 as	 Troy	 went	 about	 doing	 whatever	 is was	that	he	did	as	 the	gate	keeper.

He	was	a	pretty	cool	guy,	Dillon	thought	to	himself.

The	van	pulled	up	to	the	front	of	the	massive	hotel.	The	family	looked	up	in

amazement	 at	 its	 size.	 They	 also	 noted	 tons	 of	 people	 milling	 around,	 walking down	the	paths,	and	some	sharing	a	coffee	or	a	drink	at	one	of	the	nearby	tables.

As	 they	 got	 out	 they	 noted	 that	 the	 weather	 was	 just	 as	 beautiful	 as	 the surroundings.	It	seemed	cooler	in	the	valley	at	the	resort	than	it	was	in	the	desert.

That	was	probably	due	to	the	greenery	all	around	which	afforded	a	lot	of	shade

from	the	hot	sun.	There	also	seemed	to	be	quite	a	bit	of	humidity	in	the	air.	Not enough	to	soak	your	clothes;	just	enough	to	keep	everything	green	and	cool.	It

was	like	a	garden	of	Eden	in	the	middle	of	nowhere!

As	soon	as	the	van	was	stopped	and	the	Hunts	started	to	get	out,	they	were

greeted	by	two	bellman	and	a	valet.

“Good	afternoon,”	one	of	the	Bellman	said.	He	was	a	tall	gangly	man	with

short	cropped	blonde	hair	and	spoke	with	an	Australian	accent.	“Welcome	to	the

Desert	Oasis	Resort.”

“Thank	you,”	said	Mom	politely.

The	 other	 bellman	 started	 grabbing	 luggage	 from	 the	 back	 of	 the	 van	 and

loaded	 it	 up	 onto	 his	 cart.	 Dad	 handed	 his	 keys	 to	 the	 valet	 and	 in	 no	 time	 the entire	family	was	inside	the	main	lobby	of	the	resort.

The	lobby	was	massive	with	marble	floors	and	a	large	circular	fountain	in	the

middle.	The	fountain	had	a	large	eagle	stature	in	the	middle	of	it.	The	eagle	had its	wings	spread,	was	looking	up	and	seemed	as	though	it	just	broke	through	the

surface	 of	 the	 water	 as	 it	 headed	 skyward,	 and	 it	 had	 water	 spraying	 out	 of	 its mouth.	Dillon	thought	it	looked	as	though	the	bird	was	stuck	in	an	eternal	state of	puking!	Around	the	main	eagle	were	smaller	ones	circling	it.	They	seemed	to

be	suspended	from	the	ceiling	by	tiny	cables	that	could	barely	been	seen.

Mom	 and	 Dad	 went	 to	 the	 front	 desk	 so	 they	 could	 check	 in	 while	 Jordan and	Claire	waited	with	the	bellman	by	the	cart.	Dillon	and	Gwen	walked	around

in	 awe	 of	 the	 place.	 Almost	 the	 entire	 lobby	 was	 made	 of	 granite	 and	 ornate rocks.	There	were	nature	drawings	of	the	Oasis	all	over	the	walls	and	the	smell

of	fresh	spring	water	filled	the	air.	The	air	inside	was	just	as	moist	and	refreshing as	it	was	on	the	outside	with	one	exception:	it	was	cooler	in	the	hotel,	probably due	to	the	central	air	conditioning.

As	 Dillon	 and	 Gwen	 walked	 toward	 the	 front	 desk	 where	 Mom	 and	 Dad

were,	a	curious	drawing	caught	Dillon’s	eye.	There	was	a	large	carved	scene	on

the	wall	behind	the	desk	which	showed	rivers	of	water	flowing	through	the	Oasis

with	all	types	of	animals:	deer,	rabbits,	coyotes,	and	such.	At	the	very	top	corner of	 the	 carving,	 beside	 one	 of	 the	 large	 leafy	 trees	 was	 a	 small	 symbol.	 As Dillon’s	eyes	focused	in	on	it	he	almost	fell	over.	His	face	went	pale	and	he	must have	 had	 a	 shocked	 expression	 on	 his	 face	 as	 he	 felt	 Gwen	 tugging	 at	 his	 arm and	asking	if	he	was	okay.

When	he	came	out	of	his	stunned	silence,	he	shook	it	off	and	looked	down	at

her.	 “I’m	 fine,”	 he	 said	 with	 a	 weak	 smile.	 “I’m	 just	 …	 suddenly	 not	 feeling well.”

Mom	 must	 have	 overheard	 him	 as	 she	 came	 over	 and	 touched	 his	 shoulder reassuringly.	 She	 felt	 his	 forehead	 and	 looked	 at	 his	 eyes.	 “You	 don’t	 feel	 like you	have	a	fever,	and	you	look	fine.	It’ll	be	okay.	We’ll	be	in	our	rooms	shortly and	then	you	can	lay	down	for	a	bit.”

Dillon	 smiled	 again.	 So	 weak	 was	 it	 that	 he	 thought	 for	 sure	 Mom	 would

press	 on	 and	 start	 asking	 questions.	 Thankfully	 she	 didn’t.	 He	 nodded	 slightly and	 glanced	 back	 at	 the	 wall.	 There,	 by	 the	 leaf,	 was	 the	 symbol	 of	 a	 square surrounding	 a	 pentagram	 which	 had	 an	 eye	 in	 the	 center	 of	 it.	 The	 only	 thing missing	from	it	was	the	writing	that	was	surrounding	it.	The	symbol	was	small

and	barely	noticeable,	but	Dillon	noticed	it.	It	was	the	image	from	his	dream!

“You	guys	coming?”	Jordan	hollered.

Dillon	stared,	still	zoned	out	as	he	puzzled	over	the	strange	symbol	he’d	seen

now	in	his	dreams	and	now	in	real	life.

Claire	shook	his	shoulder.	“You	coming?”	she	repeated.

How	could	that	be? Dillon	screamed	in	his	mind.	Then	immediately	he	was struck	by	the	image	again,	seen	at	another	place.	He	now	knew	that	he	must	have

seen	this	image	at	the	information	center	when	he	was	at	the	counter	buying	his

books	from	Tom	Tom.	All	he	knew	was	that	he	shook	it	off	as	being	mistaken.

Maybe	he	wasn’t?

“In	a	minute,”	Dillon	replied.	“What	room	am	I	in?”

“You’re	with	Jordan	in	room	418,”	Dad	responded.	“Everything	okay?”

“Yeah.	I	just	want	to	ask	the	girl	at	the	desk	a	question.	I’ll	be	up	there	right away.”

“You	 can	 ask	 her	 your	 question	 later,”	 Mom	 said	 sternly.	 “Right	 now,	 you need	 to	 lay	 down.	 I’ll	 bring	 some	 ice	 to	 your	 room.	 Maybe	 you’re	 carsick	 or dehydrated.	Some	ice	water	and	rest	will	help	with	both.”

“I’m	 really	 okay	 Mom,”	 Dillon	 replied.	 “I’ll	 only	 be	 a	 minute	 and	 then	 I’ll go	and	lie	down	for	a	bit	until	I’m	feeling	better,”	he	pleaded.	“Promise.”

Mom	looked	at	Dad	for	help.	He	hesitated	for	a	moment,	then	nodded.	“He’ll

be	fine	hun.	It’s	just	for	a	moment.	Don’t	be	too	long,”	he	said	to	Dillon.

Dillon	knew	he	could	always	count	on	Dad	to	give	him	some	much	needed

flexibility.

“Okay,”	conceded	Mom.	“But	you’re	not	to	be	longer	than	you	need	to.”

Jordan,	 overhearing	 the	 exchange	 from	 the	 elevator	 hollered	 over,	 “I	 can’t promise	you’ll	be	able	to	get	in	the	room!”

“Come	on	man.	Toss	your	brother	a	key-card,”	Dad	said	as	he	walked	over	to

the	elevator.

Jordan	sighed,	Dad	having	destroyed	the	fun	he	was	going	to	have	bugging his	brother.	Gwen	giggled.	Jordan	pulled	out	one	of	the	key-cards	and	tossed	it	to Dillon	 which	 fell	 conveniently	 short	 of	 his	 reach.	 Jordan	 smirked	 as	 though	 he just	had	the	last	word	in	the	conversation.

The	 sleight	 didn’t	 phase	 Dillon	 as	 he	 picked	 up	 the	 card	 and	 headed	 to	 the front	desk.	He	had	other	things	on	his	mind.

The	woman	at	the	front	desk	was	about	average	height	with	short	brown	hair.

She	 appeared	 to	 be	 in	 her	 early	 to	 mid	 twenties	 and	 had	 a	 slim	 build	 and	 was quite	pretty.	As	she	worked	away	typing	on	her	computer	her	head	moved	to	and

away	from	the	screen	as	she	copied	whatever	information	she	was	working	on.

When	 Dillon	 approached	 the	 desk	 she	 was	 so	 engrossed	 in	 her	 work	 that	 she didn’t	notice	him	at	first.

“Excuse	me,”	Dillon	said	in	a	soft	voice.	No	response.	“Excuse	me,”	he	said

again,	this	time	a	little	louder.

The	 woman	 seemed	 startled,	 but	 quickly	 collected	 herself.	 “Oh	 …	 sorry

about	that,”	she	said.

“No	problem,”	Dillon	replied.

“What	can	I	do	for	you?”

Dillon	 was	 silent	 for	 a	 moment,	 not	 really	 knowing	 how	 he	 wanted	 to

proceed.	 “I	 was	 just	 wondering,”	 he	 said	 at	 length,	 “what	 is	 that	 symbol	 up	 on the	wall	behind	you?”

The	woman	turned	around	and	scanned	the	wall.	“What	symbol?”	she	asked.

“That	 one	 over	 there	 at	 the	 top	 corner	 of	 the	 leaf,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 pointed towards	it.

The	woman	looked	to	where	he	was	motioning.	It	took	her	a	moment	but	she

finally	saw	what	he	was	curious	about.	She	looked	closer.	“You	know	…	I’m	not

sure,”	 she	 replied.	 “I’m	 actually	 really	 new	 to	 Oasis	 Resort	 and	 I	 don’t	 come from	 around	 here.”	 She	 turned	 again	 toward	 Dillon.	 “I’m	 from	 Canada!	 The name’s	Janeen,”	she	said	with	a	smile	as	she	stretched	out	her	hand.

“Oh	…	uh	…	I’m	Dillon,”	he	replied	as	the	two	shook	hands.

“How	did	you	even	notice	that?”	Janeen	asked	in	surprise.	“It’s	so	small	and

blends	in	quite	well	with	the	surrounding	carving.”

“I	 guess	 I	 have	 a	 knack	 for	 seeing	 obscure	 stuff.	 I	 also	 don’t	 see	 an	 artist name	anywhere	on	the	wall,”	he	replied	as	he	scanned	the	rest	of	the	carving.

Janeen	 smiled	 again.	 “Hmmm,	 that’s	 weird.	 You	 know	 what,	 Dillon?	 I	 can ask	around	for	you	and	let	you	know	what	I	find	out,	if	anything,”	she	offered.

Dillon	 smiled	 back	 and	 nodded.	 He	 headed	 for	 the	 elevator	 feeling	 a	 little confused	 and	 almost	 sick	 to	 his	 stomach. How	 could	 I	 have	 clearly	 seen	 this symbol	in	a	dream	when	I	had	never	been	here	before,” he	thought	to	himself.

Maybe	 I	 saw	 it	 in	 a	 book	 I	 read,	 or	 from	 some	 info	 on-line	 when	 I	 was researching	 the	 place?	 No,	 he	 realized.	 He	 would	 have	 remembered	 reading about	it	if	he	had.	He	knew	he	couldn’t	dismiss	this.	There	was	something	going

on	here,	and	he	had	to	find	out	what.





9

D I S T U R B I N G 	 T H O U G H T S

Dillon	found	himself	sliding	through	the	dark,	not	knowing	where	he

would	end	up.	He	could	feel	his	back	and	legs	getting	scratched	up	as

he	 tumbled	 down	 the	 rocky	 stairs.	 Fortunately	 he	 didn’t	 seem	 to	 hit

his	 head	 on	 the	 way	 down.	 Then,	 before	 he	 knew	 it,	 the	 stairs	 opened	 up suddenly	into	a	large	cavernous	room	that	was	dimly	illuminated.

Dillon	hit	the	floor	and	rolled	a	few	feet	from	the	mouth	of	the	stairs.	Before

he	fully	got	his	senses	back	he	felt	himself	being	roughly	yanked	from	the	floor.

“Way	to	go	Dil!”	his	brother	yell	at	him.	“You	better	tell	me	what’s	going	on

right	now.”

He	looked	around	stunned.	His	brother	had	a	few	scratches	on	his	face	and

arms.	Fresh	blood	slowly	showed	itself	from	the	many	scrapes.	“Sorry,	but	I	was

more	concerned	about	what	was	chasing	us!”	he	snapped	back.

“Why	did	you	follow	me	anyway?”	Dillon	asked	in	an	accusing	tone.

“Because	 you	 seemed	 so	 adamant	 about	 sneaking	 out	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 the night,”	 Jordan	 replied.	 “And	 Mom	 would	 kill	 me	 if	 I	 knew	 you	 were	 doing something	stupid	and	didn’t	do	anything	about	it!”

“Well	…	thanks,”	said	Dillon	as	he	began	to	wipe	himself	off.
